Woww!
My order:  Chicken Schwarma with a side of hummus and pita.
Order of falafel.
Cucumber drink.
Side of garlic sauce.
Side of cucumber sauce.
Absolutely clean filling.
Taste delicious!
Will have you craving for more.
I can't believe I hadn't heard of this restaurant sooner.
After the fact I realize this place is all the rave!

I tried to order steak kebob but they made beef kebob.
I asked for tzaziki on the side but they covered all the meat with tzaziki.
Taste is more like middle eastern.
Not Mediterranean.
Price is good.
Taste is okay.

Now this place is really good i always drive past it but today i decided to stop an check it out it is really good healthy an fresh

I was thinking this would be more of a sit down restaurant where you order from the table instead of a chipotleish style of Mediterranean food.
Thought there would be more room inside for eating.
The only thing good I had was the cucumber chiller which I would go back for.
Not so much the food/service.

Parsley Modern Mediterranean is wonderful.
Very responsive staff.
Food is wonderful.
I usually get the wraps (chicken or beef are my go-tos).
Babaganoush and the warm pita bread is pretty amazing.

Very delicious food in love with cucumber drink, couldn't decide what I wanted and one specific Gentelman whipped up something very amazing for me!
By the name of Jamil great service!
Thanks you and will definitely be back!

This is Chipotle for Mediterranean food.
And it.
is.
delicious.
I've only been here once because the location is very inconvenient for me and I'm extremely lazy about driving more than 5 minutes to go anywhere, but if it were closer, I'd be here all the time.
(It's probably better this way, I have very little self-control.)
If you like spicy - get the hot sauce.
Mix it with the white sauce, you won't be disappointed.

The food always taste fresh and leaves me very full without feeling tired.
They have had a groupon for a very long time making this place an incredible value.
This is my favorite Mediterranean place.

<SUMMARIES>
Fresh food, high quality food, delicious and Mediterranean.. what more can one ask for.
I loved eating here and I really enjoyed the food here.
It's one of those places that once you eat there you want to keep coming back, and you will.
Prices are good.
If you want to customize your order they'll do it for you.
Awesome place.

