It could be a lot better, but with no competition around, they dont have to be.
The chicken is basic charbroiled, some times overcooked & dry, averagely seasoned, and portions are ok. 

Sirloin is adequate, plays it safe with the amount of marinade & spice.
But at least its decently quality & tender meat.
Beans are average beans & they fill their role as a side item just fine.
The salsa is terrible mashed tomatoes.
Service is lacking, slow, and cash only is annoying.

Nice simple Mexican food at a great price, love the charbroiled steak and the beans so flavorful with out a lot of stuff added.
Called my order in but when I walked inside the smell was so good I had to tell them to make mine to eat in.
Next time I will try the combo cause the beef was so tasty I know that charbroiled chicken will be just a good if not better.
Just remember CASH ONLY you can eat for as little as $5 but bring $10 and you can get anything you want.

We call this "Red Chicken."
It's consistently good, always fresh and tasty and you can't beat the prices.
I love both the chicken and the beef.
The beans are rather bland, but the salsa, rice,  and pickled onions all go together for an explosion of flavor.

My bro and I have found this place by chance.
The smell from the restaurant street were delicious and we couldn't wait to taste it!
The best beef and chicken you'll find in Phoenix!
And it's only 15 minutes away from the airport!
For sure, I will recommend it!

To my homesick Indianz from Arizona, if you want home cooked food (beef, beans, tortillas) this is THE PLACE.
Tri-tip grilled on actual mesquite, tortillas that taste as close to homemade as possible, and they will actually grill jalapenos for you.
And the beans, oh the beans, just like Moms.
Eat here, you will be happy.

This is as close as the chicken that you will get in Mexico this stuff is to die for you can't even simulated  at home with the El Pollo Loco seasoning salt.
we go to Rocky Point Mexico and gotta stop and get the chicken in town right on the Main Street it's killer.

I like this place.
The food here is like what you'd get at a typical taco stand in Nogales, but without the dysentery.
The chicken and beef are equally tasty, but I tend to favor the beef because it's boneless and less work trying to get it all into the tortillas.

One of the best deals and delicious beef and chicken combinations out there.
It is a whole in the wall and just a gem.
I will totally cater with a tray of this stuff, but may end up hoarding it to myself.

<SUMMARIES>
Mexican food that reminds me of what my mom used to make.
It is fresh and high quality but simple and not overly complicated.
The chicken is by far their specialty here and if you stop by I recommend trying it.
The price is very cheap here but one down side is they only accept cash.

