I think Over Easy is a very nice breakfast place.
Yes, it is more expensive then Ihop and Denny's but the food is really good and has some unique options.
I have had in my visits the Dolly breakfast sandwich (egg, tomato, bacon on a English muffin), brioche French toast (plain and Banana's Foster) and the chocolate chip pancakes.
Service is also good and overall, it's a nice breakfast place.

Not good at all.
The young staff basically ignores you if you have any grey hair.
The food was just OK, but I won't be back.
The Good Egg is much better.

Great hip breakfast in Gilbert.
Food and waitress Kayla were excellent.
Reviews didn't do it justice.
We will be back.

Visited for the first time this morning and even though it was recommended by a friend who'd dined 2-3 times before I was hesitant seeing all the negative reviews.
We thought it was great!
Arrived at 8:15, sat on the patio and had great food & service.
We had the brioche french toast, waffle dogs & scrambled eggs - all were great!
We will definitely be back.

I want to give a 2 stars because the service staff was friendly and good as well as ambience was decent.
But we came here for food not to meet the staff.
Food was just really mediocre, not even hot.
The hashbrowns taste pre-cut and frozen.
The "real maple syrup" is just a maple syrup blend.
I could make a lot better food myself.
We had pancakes, bacon, and the wolf pack.
All the prices were way too high with food that's more on par with denny's.
Would rather IHOP across the street.
Unfortunately it looks like another lackluster joint resides here (before nypd pizza).

We love the service and food.
The staff is always friendly.
Daniela always takes care of us and remembers us by name!!!
It's our favorite breakfast place.

Had the biscuits and gravy...they were OK. (Bland, not as warm as they could have been).
Also couldn't help but notice the couple sitting next to us, sending both of their meals back for being cold.
I realize this location has just opened - so I may wait a while before giving Over Easy another go.
3 stars are for our friendly waitress and the yummy Bloody Mary mix.

I really never post any reviews but this place deserves it.
I come here often and the food tastes great like always.
The brioche banana toast are to die for as well as the pancakes, I've really never tasted anything like it before.
The place is cozy and clean and the staff is amazing, not really much more to ask for except I wish they add crepes that would the cherry on top.

<SUMMARIES>
This is an ok breakfast joint.
The food is kind of bland for the hefty price you have to pay.
I had the Dolly breakfast sandwich and I feel like it lacked flavor.
The staff could be more attentive.
We waited several minutes before we were even addressed.
Its a decent place, but overall, I'm not a fan.

