I ate here this week and it was good place for a quick uncomplicated breakfast.
I had bacon, eggs, toast and a hash brown.
Good coffee by the way.
Wonderful staff.
Typical business district downtown type eatery.
This is nothing fancy but it does hit the spot and is very well maintained.
If I were in the area, I would eat here again for a quick bite to eat for decent food and excellent service.
Food=3, Place=3, and Service=5.

This review is for the salad bar, I feel like I need to warn you.
It's a total rip-off because they weigh your food.
$13 and some change for a salad!
Need I say more.
I definitely would've left out the rubber tasting chicken and nasty croutons.
I will stick with Jason's Deli, better selection and you can have all the salad you want for one price.

I was looking for just a place to get breakfast and coffee that didn't involve flashing lights or clouds of smoke.
I was relived to find this cafe within walking distance of my downtown hotel!
I had a toasted marshmallow iced latte and a breakfast burrito.
I don't remember which one I ordered but it was a vegetarian burrito with avocado and egg as two main ingredients.
And isn't that what is really most important?
it was also fun to people watch all the law enforcement officers and legal professionals as they came in.
Plus, free wi-fi!
Will definitely come again.

We found this place walking toward another breakfast cafe and decided to try their food instead.
It was a great choice!
Their food is really great and at a fair price too... We've since been back a couple times and have continued to enjoy this great spot!
Antrese has been our server every time so far and we've been impressed by how nice and helpful she has been!
Definitely recommend.

This place is my new favorite!
Their coffee is soo good, you can make a ton of different combinations or just stick to the basics.
Their selection of teas are great too and they are amazing quality!
Super yummy.
I had a pesto chicken pannini that was effing delicious.
The staff is super nice, the girls are really sweet.
Everything about this place it's awesome.
Totally go there!

Let`s start with the good stuff first.
Clean place and friendly workers.
The paninis are great (a bit overpriced) but you definitely get what you pay for as it is a big portion.
The buffet is great especially if you`re down on cash and want a variety of food on your plate.
Cons: Breakfast is not great at all!
I would definitely not recommend it at all.
I`d rather go to Mcdonald`s for the same quality of food at a much, much lesser price.

Awesome place for nice coffee and great delicious food!!!
I would definitely recommend it !
Our new favorite restaurant for lunch in Downtown Las Vegas  
Thanks to the beautiful owner, Silvia!

Great lunch spot downtown.
Food tastes good.
They also have one of the best-tasting coffees around - they use Illy, of course.
Prices reasonable.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has a nice buffet, which in itself is a compliment and a negative.
Their actual food they bring you isn't as good as the buffet in general, and they charge you by weight at the salad bar which is something you wouldn't really expect.
It can come out expensive.
Their coffee is decent though and the workers are friendly, and it's also pretty clean.

