Great experience!
Went cake tasting for our wedding and Jessica was a huge help!!
She brought out the tastings for us after giving us time to look through their amazing book.
She explained every cake and filling and had great recommendations for mixing the fillings.
The champagne cake with cream cheese filling was amazing!!
Chose our cake and design within an hour.
Great service and knowledge.
Thank you Jessica!

Great sevice.
Great communication.
You guys gave me exactly what I was looking for.
Thank you Kyra for your great correspondence via email and understanding my needs.
You guys are amazing.
My cake was delivered 30 min before the scheduled time on the strip which is amazing because of all the traffic.
I will definitely be back when I'm in town.

Employees are nice and helpful.
Now,  the cake that I got was super dry and tasteless.
How can you mess up a cake that is supposed to be your specialty?
Even my kids did not eat it.
I am not going back.

Awesome tiramisu cake, taste so good.
Been a customer for some time and will return again and again.
Greaaaaat place.

In Vegas with a friend and our theme for the week was food - what a great decision to include Pastry Palace in our selection!
We were met with wonderfully friendly service and got a box of deliciousness to go.
I totally recommend the fruit tart, creme brûlée, and tiramisu - all eaten while cuddled up under the hotel comforter with a cup of coffee - amazing!

Jessica was awesome.
I was a little pushy for the quote because I was in a time crunch and had a very particular idea.
We spoke,  I emailed her my idea and budget and we worked out what I needed for a reasonable price.
I NEEDED fresh carrot cake for a birthday and it exceeded my expectations.
I was beautiful but I was still nervous about the taste.
EVERYONE atvthe party who likes carrot cake,  loved it.
The only reason I gave it a 4, was the decor at the bottom didn't stay tight and there was a silver smudge right on top next to the M.

Stella was very nice and helped us out with our birthday cake!
Their customer service is impressive and their pastries are even more impressive!
!

This place is great.
We came in last minute and the girl helped us pick out a cake.
The other girl also decorated the cake for us.
Over all they gave us quick service.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has delicious cakes, and various other desserts.
They are willing to work with you on what you want and what  your budget is.
You can go in for tastings and they will explain all of their cake and filling options, so you're aware of all your choices.
The staff are friendly, very good at communicating, and deliver in a timely manner.

