What's left to be said after so many glowing reviews?
Here's a summary of Rosemary's:
fine dining that's not on the strip
excellent service
high but not extravagant prices
delicious food

One star off for the decor inside - a drop ceiling when people are spending $100/head???
*note: $75/person no show fee on weekend reservations!

Rosemary's is a great little restaurant.
I have been there many times and it's always good.
It is more of a fine dining place without the expense.
I had a fantastic butternut squash soup with pepitas.
My husband loved the sweetbreads (the brain kind, not the bread kind).
The menu has something for everyone, whether they're picky or adventurous.
I have never a had a bad meal here.
And by eating there you support local business which is always a good thing.

They're a bit off the strip, but not a far cab ride away.
Haven't been back to Vegas recently, but still remember that this place is amazing.
The service is blow-your-mind adorable.
The wait staff is incredible and they're such sweethearts.
Eventhough I found their lamb very "lamb-ie" (which "if it tastes that way, then the chef wanted it that way," ), I was still so impressed with everything else that it didn't even matter.
Rosemary's is one of my FAVORITE restaurants ever.

I have been going to Rosemary's for years.
I have even been there for winemaker dinners.
Rosemary's is the kind of place you should go to once a year or so.
I really can't describe this place.
Honestly, every high end restaurant I go into, I compare to this place.
The location will throw you off.
It is WAY off the strip.
Which is great because you don't get the crazy bachelor/bachlorette party's.
This is very much a local place.
It is reputation is on word of mouth.
I always say it is the place you take your secretary to if you don't want your wife to know.
lol

Sad News....
Looking forward to my second visit here since May of 2010....
I called today for reservations and was told they closed for good.
Very sad... awesome place!

Best restaurant I have ever eaten at.
Not the best location, but inside is great.
Service is wonderful.
The food is better than anything I have had on the strip.

I'm a fan.
I've been there perhaps 10 times?
Never had a bad dinner.
Always with great service, consistent food quality.
One criticism would be that their menu is pretty...ehh...unchanging.
I think it's almost the same stuff all the time.
It does get a little old and although having your staples menu is good, it needs change.

go for lunch...good deal for $23!
the shrimp dish was aite.
the mahimahi is a must!
and the pecan pie was heaven!
service was top notch...

don't think could come for dinner...quite expensive!
nicely decorated!
really loved the bathrooms, very cute!

<SUMMARIES>
If you're in Vegas and want to head off the strip for some great food Rosemary's is a great place to check out.
Some of the decor is a little dated but don't let that deter you.
The food that they make is amazing, and has a lot of the home made flavor that you are looking for.
Their menu also is great, there is something that everyone in your group will love.
I highly recommend stopping by here the next time you're looking for some great food!

