Steve is exceptional and have used his services for quite a long time.
He is a very busy guy , runs his business , like a business and shows up on time .
We refer him to our friends and clients and they are pleased.
He is a trustworthy individual and is creative & skilled to be able to fix challenging problems , right the first time!
You will be glad you called him first .

Wouldn't bother to waste my time with this guy.
He was extremely late to our scheduled appointment.
Spent more time than necessary taking notes, then never gave me a quote--which he said he would e-mail me.
When I called him and asked him what happened, he said he wasn't going to give me a quote, because he wasn't comfortable with some of the things I had asked him to do (electrical).
Whatever...

Fantastic service!
Needed a ceiling fan installed and Justin was prompt (rang the doorbel at exactly 2pm as agreed), did a good job and was very courteous!
Would definitely use them again if anything comes up.

Steve and Justin were super accommodating!
I had to cancel on them the first time I made an appointment, but it wasn't a problem for them and they made rescheduling easy.
They showed up on time, and even though some of the aspects of the job were tricky because my house is older, they handled it with a single trip to the hardware store.
Everything was done quickly and to a very high level!
I am thrilled and will be using Red Truck for all of my handyman needs in the future!

Had a problem with my disposal, and Red Truck Handyman came out right away on a Friday night.
Fixed the problem quickly.
Plus, they were very friendly, and got the job done quickly.
And very reasonably priced!I'm glad I found them on Yelp, and would highly recommend them for any handyman jobs!
Thanks Steve.

Left a voice mssg last week.
Did not receive a call back.
I know I had left my number twice.
Website does not work.
Disappointed because the reviews on yelp were glowing.

Incredible !
So, if you're looking for a great handyman, very professional, nice and excellent work.....look no further.
I had several framed photographs that need to be hung on several walls.
Steve is meticulous, accurate and knows what he's doing.
I will definitely be calling him again!

Excellent all around.
Quick response, very reasonable rates, and Steve is extremely friendly.
I needed my sofa fixed (wood split and started jutting out of back), needed overhead storage racks installed in garage, and needed the ballast replaced for my fluorescent lights in the master closet.
All fixed/installed well, and he was a pleasure to talk to.
Would recommend without reservation.

<SUMMARIES>
These guys did a great job and I'm very thankful.
They were punctual and didn't keep me waiting at all.
They were friendly and talked to me to explain everything I wanted to know.
The reviews do these guys justice and I'm glad I found them.
I will be referring them, as well as hiring them again in the future.
I recommend!

