La Bodega is a nice place in the Tremont area.
I was looking for a sandwich and found this place as rated very high by fellow yelpers.
I ordered their veggie pizza sub.
It was huge, I ate it for lunch and dinner.
It was very nice and juicy.
I loved it.
The place has some very weird art on display bot other than that the staff is very friendly.
I will be coming here often.

Very good wraps from this cool spot in Tremont.
Easy to get in and out of.
I only picked up and carried out.
It was a 90 degree day and I don't think they had air in there so I am not sure how comfortable it would be to eat in.
As far as the food goes, it is simple and fresh ingrediants that are priced well.
I reccomend.

This place is sweet!
I tried their special sandwich of the day - veggie grilled cheese.
It had cheese, spinach, tomatoes, and lots more delicious veggies.
The sandwiches are huge so you'll definitely have some left overs!
Can't wait to try more sandwiches and soups from this place.

Best lunch option in tremont.
Its that simple.
Sandwiches are creative and they do NOT skimp you on the meat.
I have to say that i often have trouble finishing my entire sandwich.
Turkey #27 is a mainstay and highly recommended + roasted red pepper and on the asiago cheese bread.
Sandwiches come with Lays (baked or full-fat).
The only drawback is that the sandwiches tend to come HEAVY on the mayo, do yourself a favor and always ask for it on the side.

I LOVE this place!
I do not eat meat and they have very creative options for meatless sandwiches.
There is one girl that works there that is way friendlier than the others.....if everyone acted like her, this would have been an easy 5 stars.
I think the prices are extremely reasonable....for $6 I get a spinach, tomato, onion, mushroom, walnut, cream cheese and honey sandwich on fantastic asiago - plus a bag of chips.

Im in Cleveland every couple of months and let me tell you, This place has the BEST sandwich I've ever had!
I think it was the chicken salad pesto sandwich amaaaazing!
La bodega is this nice little shop right at the corner of a quiet neighborhood The staff is really nice and quick.
The food is all fresh and sandwiches come with some chips, there's a small selection of flavors to choose from.
I would definitely return when in Cleveland!

Amazing, amazing sandwiches/subs.
I believe that the last time I went I got the #45 and it was out of this world.
It blows away any chain restaurants such as Subway or Quizno's.
I never thought that I would ever fantasize about sandwiches, but that's what happens after you get one from La Bodega.
I had actually temporarily forgotten about this place until I thought to check for it on Yelp.
I must return soon... today perhaps...

La Bodega is great!
The sandwiches are wonderful, and I'm glad that they survived the gas explosion, and came back strong!
I've tried many sandwiches and have been happy with each one!
#27 (turkey, smoked gouda, balsamic mayo) is amazing, as are all of their chicken salad varieties ranging from Curry to Sun Dried Tomato.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has large portions, you could split most of them into two meals if you wanted.
The prices are great considering the portions.
They have plenty of fresh ingredients to choose from so you can change  up your order easily.
The staff are friendly and they provide quick service.

