First time at the airport in Phoenix, and Matt's is a pleasant surprise and great breakfast for airport restaurants.
The staff is friendly, and the decor is bright.
If you ever are at Terminal 4, great spot for food and drinks.
Plus there are many places to recharge your phones and computers.

Great food!!
Everything tastes great and was truly fresh as advertised.
I got here early enough to not have to brave the long line out front (although knowing what I know now I would have happily done it).
The eggs were fresh, the bacon looked and tasted like real bacon, the waffle was fluffy and delicious and the orange juice which came out of a gigantic plastic jar I'm sure was squeezed that morning.
A+

So I had the pleasure of eating at both locations while in PHX and this one out did the original!
I had this gin, lemon and soda water drink which solved my pissy attitude towards the airport :).
For food I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and added bacon to the grilled cheese.
They had awesome buttery bread and the soup was nice and thick.
Every employee seemed like they were having a great day which helped as many of us were grumpy from canceled and delayed flight.
Prices were good so I strongly recommend!

Quick service all around.
Amazing food... Sky Harbor has revamped their food choices and I can honestly say this place is up there with Arizona top breakfast places (heard good things about their other locations as well.)
Great ok every way.
Oh, and the bacon.
The bacon was unbelievable.

What a fantastic spot to grab a meal.
I got the Bloody Mary and meatloaf.
Every ingredient in the Bloody Mary was perfect.
Extra crispy celery.
Briny olives.
Crispy thick bacon.
YUM.
Meatloaf was excellent.

Very good breakfast that was well prepared.
The Bloody Mary is an excellent choice.
It comes with a salad bar in it!
I highly recommend it.

We were surprised to find Matt's Big Breakfast at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.
We usually visit the downtown location when we travel to Phoenix, but ran out of time this trip.
Low and Behold, we got our fix at the airport.
The menu is a little different than the restaurant.
Caters to breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The food is still great!

Dang this place was good!
Before traveling, my SO and I stopped here to eat since we had time and I was not disappointed.
The hostess was a bit dry, bored, and wrung out but the rest of the staff was very welcoming and friendly so I won't let her influence my opinion.
This place seems like the spot that would be packed all of the time, so expect to be rubbing elbows with a stranger while you eat.
Aside from this, the food was great!
I got their grilled cheese and french fries which were fantastic, they use a really thick bread which made the sandwich even better.
I would definitely come here again...if I'm ever delayed and forced to fly Southwest again -_____-

<SUMMARIES>
This place is delicious.
Its a great place to go when you get off your flight, or if you are waiting for your plane to come.
It has delectable breakfast food.
It has everything you could want, such as eggs, bacon, waffles, and more!
I definitely recommend coming here for a big breakfast.

