This place is full of knowledgeable and friendly staff if you need help with their crossbow range or with firearms.
A few years ago I also had the store gun smith change the sights on a few pistols and they did an excellent job.
Whenever I purchase firearms out of state, I strongly recommend any Las Vegans to get it shipped to this location.

This store is HUGE and is a great place to buy thinks for use in the outdoors.
I love the entry with the life-size animals, the aquarium, and the water feature.
Love this place.
Come here if you need anything for the outdoors!
!

This was a fun place to visit even if you did not buy anything.
There were so many outdoor and sport gear.
An large aquarium and a large selection of hunted animal.
My friend from another country also felt fancinate to see a large selection of guns and ammo.
Guns were outlawed in some other country.

This place is a riot.
From a "tourist" stand point there is suprisingly alot of fun to be had.
Especially if you don't take yourself seriously.
My Dad, friend and I had an under cover security guard watching us closely by the time we left (not very sneaky sir).
Be sure to watch the fishing demonstration, watching live fish strike bait live is pretty dang cool.
If you're in Vegas, like the outdoors, and feel like releasing some of your redneck side, this place is great.

Disappointed in the service we received today.
The place was extremely packed with Holiday shoppers and only 4 checkout lanes were open.
Stood in long lines to purchase our items and the cashier did not apologize for the wait, instead made the comment that she wasn't sorry because she has a job.
Bass Pro should consider having a bigger staff this close to Christmas and have every checkout lane open.

I don't really actually shop at Bass Pro.
But I love walking around, looking at everything, and playing the games at Bass Pro.
It's a fun store to just meander about.
And they have different shooting games, checkers, etc.
that you can play.
Plus there's the stream and waterfall with fish, turtles, and ducks, as well as all the stuffed critters all over the store.
It's a free/cheap way to spend a couple of hours.
And if you do happen to be into fishing and/or hunting, you'll find what you need here.
All in all, I'm a fan simply because I always have fun walking around and looking at everything here.

Purchased a pair of upland pants for hunting season on sale.
Only paid $29.
First time I wore them, I got them very dirty and the reinforced fronts ripped out.
Returned for a full in store refund.
Was only $29, but still, great service even though the product (Browning) was mediocre.

Went with my wife to go and check out the gun counter for their up and coming Black Friday sale and seen some firearms we wanted to buy that day that wasn't listed for the sale.
The Employees all had rude trash attitudes especially one named Erwin.
I spoke with the manager Brad and suggested that the employees in that department take a diversity education training.
Due to their ignorance I won't be shopping there again.

<SUMMARIES>
Fun place to visit the place was very large.
It had a large aquarium and the fishing demonstration was top notch.
The Bass Pro also had some really fun and unique games as well to try.
Great place!

