Been coming here for years!
I love that you can build your own bowl.
They offer lunch and dinner prices.
For dinner the yogurt is included.
This location is always clean.
The staff is nice and they always greet you at the door.
The line where you build your bowl is always tidy and looks pretty.
The staff is always monitoring it to make sure everything looks good.
The grill is always hot and they clean it often.
So no old caked on burnt food from 2 hours ago.
They offer doggie bags for .50.
Trust me it tastes even better the next day too.
Definitely a place that will fill you up.

My MIL's boyfriend took us here to meet up with some of his local family when they were in town.
I didn't know what to expect walking in at all, and actually almost didn't come (we had some deliveries scheduled that day, but they finished early), and I'm so glad I made it!
Others have described the process, and they're right.
It is very tasty, but I did struggle with making my sauce, I didn't think the ingredients available were labeled very well.
The employee helped me out and made the sauce I wanted though.
I will say the beef was better than the chicken (in my opinion at least) so I'll be sticking with that next time.

This isnt the worst food I have ever tried but I definitly will NOT be going back there anytime soon.
I dont know how fresh the vegetables are but it is a good alternative to fast food.
The meat is frozen and kinda grossed me out so I recommend the tofu, although I cant speak for its quality.
The service was fast and you get to decide how much of each ingredient you want.

Went into the resturant last night with my husband and daughter and baby.
Didn't know how the whole system worked...
The lady that checked us in explained everything and was super friendly.
The food tasted nice and fresh and the portion was huge.
The kids were super excited to find out the meal came with ice cream at the end.
Right before we left the lady working at the front came and asked how everything was.
The costumer service was on point and we will definitely be going back.

I emailed the company just to let them know about my experience and the employees that were acting so unprofessional.
I was contacted (hadn't expected that) and was very impressed at the customer service and concern over my experience.
It restores some of my faith in customer service in general and in the care this manager had for his company.
I will give them another chance.
5 stars for this managers response and handling of the situation.

My boyfriend and I come here after we fight!
It's actual therapy... we leave happy.
The food is incredible, the mood is nice and quiet, and you don't wait for ever...

Every time I go to YC''s I always have a great experience.
Service is great, food is good, place is always clean!
The price is the best because it's not expensive but the food is awesome.
Making your own sauces is a fun experience also.

If you know how to pack your bowl its ok.
The card reader automatically adds 15% tip so you gotta either figure it out or tip 15%...haha.
$30 seemed a bit much for 2 ppl.
They charge .50 per take home container

<SUMMARIES>
This is a good place to come if you are looking to build your own custom bowl of food and know exactly what you want.
It can be a little bit daunting when you are looking at all the options, but the staff is attentive and available to help you pick out your entrees.
I would say that the food always winds up coming out fresh and the prices are very reasonable.
If you're in the mood for some good food  quick check out this spot!

