LOVE this target (greatland).
It is extremely clean, organized, and it is so so easy to find things at this location.
The people here are friendly.
Another plus to this location is that it doesn't seem as busy as some of the other locations.
In the same shopping center, there are also a lot of other stores and restaurants to shop at.

Samantha at guest was super helpful!
For some reason my online orders couldn't be processed so she call target.com for me and handle everything with them for me!
Spoke to Terrence about it and he was great too!

Oh hey, it's a Target.
I was in this neighborhood and somehow thought this Target location might be nicer than others.
Meh, it was and it wasn't.
It was basically the same as every other Target.
Nothing remarkable to report.
It's a Target.
It's got everything any Target would have.
It's perfectly fine.
It's clean enough.

Simply put; Great customer service, close by, clean-- and that's including the restrooms, at least for the most part...
They don't have much of a grocery area, mostly dry goods but I love the $1 bins and their clearances, awesome!

This has to be one of my favorite Targets by far!
Very clean and organized.
I love shopping here because I don't feel rushed to grab and go like I do in Walmart, just to get away from the riff raff.
I can never go in and just buy what I came in for!
lol!
The shopping experience I get here is never negative in the slightest way.
Great products, great prices, great store.
Highly recommended.
Only thing I don't like is being able to swipe my Target card and not needing to sign for purchases under $50.
Better make certain I never lose my card!

I had the best experience with Jane!
I came in today for a few things and am always in a rush.
They pharmacy paged her and she opened up the locked toothbrushes in record time.
Additionally she recommended some facial masks.
She then checked me out and I was swiftly on my way.
Jane had the sweetest disposition and was knowledgeable in her company's products.
I was so delighted with her I opened up a Target card and want to continue shopping here!
Awesome experience and totally brightened my day.
:)

If I could give them negative stars I would!
Their price match policy is an absolute joke.
Target will only honor the price match policy on THEIR OWN website if it lists a dollar amount not if lists buy one get one half off.
Ridiculous.
So now I get to go home repurchase everything online only to return it when it arrives so I can receive the second item at 50% off.
Losing another customer Target!

Target is definitely my go to store for just about everything.
They're clean (this one is), affordable, good quality, no long lines, easy return/exchange, convenient parking and location, and great customer service!
I've also been going to the pharmacy and I love their $4.00 prescription program.
Whether or not you have insurance they will still give it you for $4.00 as long as its in that list.
Their pharmacist and pharmacy tech are really nice, not like other pharmacies.

<SUMMARIES>
I've been to a lot of Targets in my life, and I must say, this is one of the better ones.
The store is clean and everything is easy to find.
What makes this location great though is the staff actually cares.
They are actually friendly and interested in making experiences good.
I thought customer service was gone, but not here.

