The restaurant seems small compared to others in the hotel, but they packed several large parties into a separate room here for some reason.
Loved the dark wood decor, and the food was great, although the value for the price may be a negative factor.
My lamb saddle was delicious, and the martinis were excellent.
Service was very poor, mainly due to a server that would disappear for long stretches of time, so it took us a while to get our order even started.
This was a nice, nice dinner, but I think for the price there are other better options in this hotel, and certainly in Vegas overall.

Just had a small early brunch here.
Almost deserted for some reason.
But the food was very good.
Good service too.
Decor is traditional, but felt maybe a little out dated.

Small portions for the price.
I guess it is ok if you dig the high end dining frech food scene, but it wasn't my thing.

Really cute French Cafe in the Venetian Hotel.
Loved the decor, the cafe bistro tables and chairs.
I've had both breakfast and lunch here, both were excellent.
Salad Nicoise had some nice pieces of seared tuna, I liked the slice of bagette toast with tapenade and an anchovie fillet.
Mussels Mariniere was also very good, lots of garlic!
The fries were not as good as Bouchon's but few are.
Don't think you can go wrong eating here.

Saturday morning breakfast.
Hung over and in need of some food.
I had the croquette monsieur, while the really hung over guy next to me had the pino omlette.
He enjoyed as much as his stomach could handle.
Really friendly staff, and the food was good.
Odd decor around you for breakfast, but hey its french, and its vegas, so there's bound to be something not right.

Originally, we plan on going to Bouchon.
The manager told us that they were doing a yearly maintenance and had closed early.
He then offered to walked us to Pinot Brasserie and told the hostess to take very good care of us because it was my boyfriend and i anniversary.
Really good price for french food.
We both enjoyed it very much.
Pinot Royale chilled tray filled with shell fish was to die for.
On top of that, the creme that we ordered for dessert was on the house with "happy anniversary" written on the plate in chocolate.
That totally made our night, not to mention everything was soooo DELICIOUS!

By the end of the week here, I resorted to mostly soup and salad.
Here I tried the french onion soup which was salty, but a bit too cheesy as well.
To top it off, I had the Nicoise salad, tuna was okay, bit too peppery.
I was full after lunch, but it could have been the soup that really filled me up.
Our afternoon server was definitely very much in the joking mood and provided great entertainment for the table.

Before this dinner we popped into La Cave and maybe my taste buds were on the high from the fresh food but when we got here for dinner I was disappointed.
The decor was very typical and nothing to write home about.
Our waitress didn't seem that on "her game" that evening - forgetting specials and how things are prepared that are on the menu everyday.
Food was just ok - i have had a steak much better prepared than this one.

<SUMMARIES>
This is a decent restaurant.
They serve both breakfast and lunch.
I had the Nicoise salad.
It was ok.
Nothing really impressive.
I wish the place was bigger.
The staff was very attentive.
Good place to eat, but nothing outstanding.

