Great ambience, staff, and food.
It's definitely worth the drive.
That day, I had an amazing Aji - Sashimi that almost made me forget that I was in the middle of the desert.
I don't know how they do it, but everything I tasted was fresh!
I'd definitely repeat.

Great Food and AMAZING customer service.
These are the must have : Pork Cheek, Pork Belly, Beef Tounge and Saba Shio.
If you still have room, they serve the best sushi in town as well.

Excellent food, excellent variety, excellent prices!
Our group of four enjoyed the experience of trying all sorts of new foods and combinations with prices reasonable enough to get adventurous.
The maguro carpaccio and koko beef (I think that's the name) are DO NOT MISS items, but skip the bleu cheese potato salad, very bland.
Service wasn't fast, but was attentive and accommodating.
We will be going back!

Great tapas kirin draft pitcher $10, happy hour menu is super lit.
Oh my god those pork cheeks tapas, get it just salted.
Rumy and Bryan top notch servers for real.
Spicy tuna bowl.
Mouth water AF get it with the gyoza sauce telling you guys.
If you sit at the bar you can watch the chefs put in work.
And my dudes clientele here a lot of girls haha

I found Kyara since it was closer to work than Naked Fish, and was immediately sold on the concept of Japanese tapas.
They have the roppongi roll I'm addicted to, and a very extensive menu.
We got their pork kimchi stir fry, unagi kabayaki, tori kara age, a couple rolls, and they have a maccha waffle.
I shouldn't be eating this, but I did, and I regret nothing!
It's a maccha waffle with vanilla ice cream and strawberry sorbet, served with syrup and butter.
This is one of the best desserts I've ever had anywhere at anytime.

This place is great!
Such a varied selection of robata items and Japanese style tapas!
It's open late which is perfect for me but they don't let you do Togo orders in the evening which is a bummer.

I've been here before...good food ...but the consistency needs improvement...service was mediocre...still like this place cause it is close to the house...maybe Jose's bandana is covering his eyes when he's cooking!
!

Worst 60.00 I've ever spent.
Ridiculous wait time for food.
30 mins wait for deep fried oysters?!
Mediocre food, over priced

Incorrect order

Incorrect bill

Fatty Koro Koro steak.
Fried oysters and Koro Koro steak not eaten at all!
First and last time!

<SUMMARIES>
Everything about this restaurant is great.
The staff, the atmosphere and of course the food are all top notch.
This is the type of experience that you expect when you go to place like this.
They have such a wide variety that everyone in your party will be pleased with the options.
Some nights they have specials which cut the cost down significantly.

