Buff N File Nail Spa is newly opened, in Tempe and it's awesome!!
All the nail techs are great here!
I normally just do gel mani and pedi but I have seen plenty of customers get their acrylics done and they turn out beautiful.
Every color in the salon has a gel that matches.
Beautiful, clean and fun atmosphere.
Check them out on the corner or Southern and McClintock!
!

LOVE LOVE LOVE this place it's so cute inside always clean and everyone's very nice!
I recommend this place to everyone I know.
Nancy is amazing at nails but they all do a great job!

Love this place!
Everyone is so nice and professional!
Place is beautiful definitely recommend it.
The owner is amazing!
I love you nancy

Got me right in.
Plenty of color and treatment options for nails.
Salon was clean and organized well.
Definitely will be back.

BEST NAIL SALON EVER.
I just moved to Tempe & am so happy I came across this wonderful place!
The customer service is awesome, they greet you when you walk in, give you free water, & they even helped me choose a color when I was indecisive!
The salon is super trendy & clean!
On top of that my nails turned out great!
I am definitely coming back here again!!
!

Service is great.
Good energy.
Professional.
quality work!
I got a gel pedicure and the gentleman was friendly and efficient.
I will be back.
Impressed.

I walked in 2 hours before they closed...a lady asked me what I needed and told her acrylics, she said "we don't have time available for that today" so then I asked her what about a manicure and she said "we are booked for the rest of today."
Why wouldn't she tell me that to begin with instead of asking me what I needed?
I didn't see anyone waiting.
They just didn't give me a chance or even asked if I would like to make an appointment.
Just blew me off.
To me, that's not good customer service.
Disappointment.

Mercedes did an amazing job on my nails!
I love them, and plan to keep going back to her!

<SUMMARIES>
This newly opened spa is great!
They offer gel manicures as well as acrylics, and they have lots of colors to choose from.
The staff are professional, kind, and talented.
They are willing to offer advice if you're unsure what you want, and they do beautiful work.

