My favorite boba joint in Chandler.
The tea is always made fresh and the boba is always perfectly made (awesome chewiness).
My usual order is Honey Milk Tea Boba with 1/2 sweetness (full is too sweet for me).
If you're looking for great boba milk tea, Tea Street is the place to go.

Went here 2 days ago and it was my first visit.
I live around the corner and had been skeptic to try a new boba place since I already had my favorite on Dobson.
I can say for a first visit this place is AMAZING.
Great service, my cousin loved it, they had so many drinks.
I had gotten the green tea milk tea and was worried about the dairy bc I'm lactose intolerant but the cashier/tea barista assured me that all of the milk teas are dairy free, FANTASTIC.
It was really good, great drinks and not to mention the cashier lady was super cute plus plus.
I will be coming back.

Lots of different flavors of milk tea and every one I've tried has tasted amazing.
Prices are reasonably fair compared to other tea and Boba places.
Very friendly staff.
I'd recommend trying the Brown Sugar Milk Tea if you like sweet drinks!

Visited again today, ordered matcha milk tea and earl grey milk tea.
The barista made sure the drink wasn't too sweet, but both milk teas did not have the flavor of tea I was looking for in the last three milk teas I've tried (TeaStreet, Strawberry, Osmanthus).
I won't hold that against them and hope to try more milk teas and top ten drinks.

I'm sitting here, as we speak, digesting my large peach milk tea that had the popping lychee boba in it.
Typically I'm waiting for that "ugh I ate too much" feeling that I get after boba or real sweet teas...
Doesn't seem to be coming.
The milk tea was super light and the peach tasted really good.
Lychee added a bit of tartness which is fantastic.
Huge menu!
Can't wait to come back and try more.

"Like!
Green", that's the drink I got...

You know how scotch whiskey and sushi can be an acquired taste?
This drink is like that.
Initially, this drink gives a overwhelmingly almond fragrance.
I hated it, it was gross.
However I spent 5 bucks on this damn drink, so I continued and begrudgingly sucked it up.
Weirdly, as I was halfway done, I  stopped noticing the weird almond flavor and started tasting the green tea matcha.
I'm confused, and probably will have something traditional at this place next time, if I have to come back.

The drinks here aren't so great, and that would normally make me give fewer stars, but their "Grand Canyon" on their Top 10 list is THA ABSOLUTE BOMB!!
It's that great it makes up for anything and everything else.
Don't bother coming here to drink anything else.
The place could be dirty for all I care (it isn't), as long as you have a Grand Canyon you're having 5 's!!
!

The drinks here are great since they're freshly brewed and you can taste the tea, but the girl working had to hustle to get all drinks made and take the orders at the same time.
It just takes so long since there are a lot of people waiting.
I felt bad ordering six drinks while she already had other drinks ordered that she didn't make yet with a group of people in line behind me.
It took a while for her to take my order since she's working alone and busy making previous orders.
They should hire at least two people at any given time.
One to take orders and another to make drinks.

<SUMMARIES>
The service and boba here is fantastic.
Everything that they make comes out fresh and the boba here is also perfect with just the right amount of chewiness.
You can always determine how sweet you want your boba here, and I have generally found that their teas are a bit lighter on the stomach than the normal milk tea.
The next time you are in the mood for some boba this is a place you should definitely check out!

