After a ton of hype, I have to say this joint lived up to my expectations.
I tried the Brisket and Pulled Pork.
The Brisket was moist and broke apart so easily, very succulent.
I drenched in their signature tomato based bbq sauce which was my favorite part of the meal.
The pulled pork was good as well but the brisket was so much better.
I felt the bun on the sandwich could have  been toasted more as it was kind of dry.
I will definitely be back to try their ribs, the customer service was excellent.

Best Pittsburgh Bbq!
Plenty of sauce options.
Friendly owner.
We periodically pick up for tailgate parties and I haven't got a complaint yet.
Priced reasonable as well.

Finally got to go to this place.
It was fantastic,  the food was better than good and the service was grade A.
They asked if we'd been there before,  when we said no, they went to great lengths to make sure we sampled all their sauces and any sides we were interested in.
I had the pulled pork and ribs, my wife had the brisket and ribs, both meals were great.
The owner came out a few times to check on everyone,  as I said, unmatched service, including the person taking orders.
The food earns 4 stars, the service kicks it to 5 stars.
From this point in, the will be my go to place for BBQ, no doubt!

The brisket was bland and showed no obvious signs of being smoked--this tasteless mess could have passed as a boiled offering.
The ribs were the highpoint of the meal and were among the worst I've ever had.
Yinz better stay far away.

I'm a big BBQ fan, but unfortunately YinzBurgh is only middle-of-the road.
On the one hand, their meals are cheap and filling, which is great, but the BBQ isn't the best I've had.
Mostly, the meat seems a bit dry.
If you are in Pittsburgh looking for BBQ, I would recommend you either try a different cuisine or come over to my place!

Do my eyes deceive me?
Is there legit barbecue in Pittsburgh?!
Going to Yinzburgh is so much easier than driving down to Georgia when you're craving good bbq.
Try the pulled pork, try the ribs, try the bbq burritos!
I love gorging on this restaurant's food.
Yinzburgh is truly an oddity in Oakland.
Pierogies are fine, so is pizza, but where in this state can you find proper barbecue?
Yinzburgh, that's where.

The flavors and hospitality were absolutely amazing.
The only reason they did not get five stars, was  the temperature of the food.
The meat came out at just above room temp and the sauce was cold.

In line with the other reviews, the owners here are fantastic.
The woman behind the counter walked me through their process and got me to sample all the sauces.
The second time back she wanted me to try out a new dish they had just put on the menu.
I can only speak to their chicken, but it is fantastic.
The meat just falls off the bone and the sauces really compliment the dry rub.
I tried the extra spicy and the honey mustard -- both are great.
All in all, this place is a great spot.
Friendly staff and great food.
I'll be back.

<SUMMARIES>
If you are looking for some of the best bar b que in the Pittsburgh area this place is the place to check out.
The brisket and pork here is amazing and always comes out cooked to perfection.
The staff is extremely friendly as well, it has a lot of the southern hospitality up here in the north.
The staff is always accommodating to new people as well and will go out of their way to make sure that you will get an entree that you will truly enjoy!

