Nice place.
Quick and easy.
Had the eggs and corned beef hash special - which was great.
Would come back to try more.
Coffee was not good - especially with so many good coffee options in the Strip.

Brisket Hash is one of the best things to get anywhere for brunch in Pittsburgh.
Great options and great food.

Cafe Raymond is my "go to" breakfast spot.
I know I can depend on them for great food and good service.
The omelettes are excellent, so are their pan fried potatoes.
I like ordering at the cashier station, and then finding a table, the food seems to arrive faster that way.
This is a great spot to breakfast with friends.

We planned to go to another very popular breakfast spot and there was quite a wait so we choose Raymonds as a 2nd choice.
Got right in, and their breakfast was AWESOME!
Service was great.
All the food is cooked by Raymond-homemade sauces, breads, local meats.
Can't say enough.
We will be back!
Do not discount it for lesser reviews than some other places on Yelp.
It will not disappoint!

Cafe Raymond in the Strip is my favorite place to go for breakfast or lunch.
I have never been disappointed in the food or the service.
The signature ricotta blueberry pancakes are superb.
I also love the vegetarian muffaletta sandwich.
It's the best I've ever had.
I've taken friends from New York City, Washington, D.C. and San Francisco to eat at Cafe Raymond's and they were all impressed with the food, the personnel and the atmosphere.
I recommend Cafe Raymond as the best place to eat in the Strip!

This is as good as it gets.
Showed up on Easter Sunday for breakfast.
Coffee, feta spinach quiche /w deliciously seasoned potato wedges, hame and brie sandwich on italian bread.
Oh, and one more thing, ricotta blueberry pancakes...
The quiche crust has a sweetness, so if you're into savory / sweet combos.
The quality of eggs and spinach used is up there.
The ricotta pancakes were so good, I think its in the batter, who knows ?
I've got a breakfast spot in Pittsburgh :=)

This place was a nice find on the strip.
We ducked in not expecting much, but ended up having a delicious breakfast for a reasonable price.
I had the special, which consisted of fried eggs atop a bbq beef hash.
The bbq was flavorful, with a spicy kick at the end that had me finishing my plate in record time.
The coffee was also pretty good, and the free refills were a nice added bonus.
I'm looking forward to visiting the next time I'm in Pittsburgh, and seeing what else their menu has to offer!

Had lunch here a few weeks back and I have to say it was delicious!
I had a roast beef sandwich and even took the other half to work the next day and it was just as tasty!
My husband insists it was the best burger he ever had.
Will definitely be back!

<SUMMARIES>
They have great breakfast here.
Lunch is pretty good too but not as good as the breakfast.
Didn't expect much while deciding to enter on a whim, but pleasantly surprised one we were inside and seated.
You have to try the pancakes, they are also a winner, and the hash as well.
There's a lot to offer here so we'll be back for sure.

