Slow service really gets me.
We were waiting for our table to be ready at a nearby restaurant and decided to pop in for a drink.
It took so long to get our drinks that we had them for only a few minutes before we got the call our table was ready and had to leave.
We were looking at a 45 minute wait!
It probably took almost half an hour for 4 drinks to arrive, 3 of which were the same.
The drink I had (Friday night special) was absolutely delicious but the slow service hindered the enjoyment of the beverage.

Orgasmically delicious pulled pork eggs benny & great friendly sevice.
What more can a gal ask for at brunch?

Great new restaurant.
Love the fresh baked muffins, cheesy omelette, home fries, and Mac 'n cheese.
The food is similar to School in liberty village and doesn't disappoint.
Patio is really nice and shaded.
Only been here twice at off hours but was still Surprised this place wasn't busier.
Given the quality of food and service, I'd expect it to be packed any time of day!

I don't usually give a 3 but it deserves it, place looked big on the outside but the sitting area was small, as well as the bar.
Food was below average; ordered the Porky Pork Waffle, and my fiancée ordered the Hogtown BBQ Benny.
Presentation was nice, taste was good, but when it arrived to our table it was warm, as if it was sitting under the lamp.
I thought that the service was fine, servers were proactive but our cup was empty most of the time until we called them.
Overall, our experience was OK.
Worth a try, sure.

place was nice and cute, came here on a tuesday morning and there was almost no one with was nice.
the waiter was very nice.
ordered the blueberry hill pancakes.
very filling, wasn't able to finish because there was so much but it was too sweet for me and i just did not like it.
eating something that sweet in the morning did not make me feel great.
i'm sure the other things on their menu are better but sadly i will not be coming back for more.

Had the daily special of Chicken,waffle,and poached egg.
My husband had the pancakes with the bananas.
The brunch meal was meh, not amazing like at other places.
The women's washroom was absolute disgusting and no toilet paper in one stall and the other stall was broken!
The pancakes were over done and "their" candied bacon was flavourless!
Needless not ever going back!

Read about this place.
Seemed good considering it was created by the same person who made school.
Food was good not great.
Atmosphere was good ..Would go back.

Food menu is good but if you go with kids be prepared to wait over 2hrs---we got in at 1030 and got served at 12:16pm‍

Not cool when you make reservations for your group and to experience such delays as other got there food and left....

<SUMMARIES>
The dining room here is a bit small, but it lends to it having a comfortable and cozy atmosphere.
I have really enjoyed all the entrees that I have tried here.
The breakfast food is fantastic, and the staff is very helpful.
Sometimes there is a bit of a wait, but if you make it in at the right times then it is not too bad.
Definitely give it a shot the next time you are looking for some good breakfast foods!

