Applebees has never really impressed me, but I love their grilled cheese.
I was really craving one so I got curbside to go and they gave me the butt of the bread.
WTF?
I just paid $10 for a sandwich and its half the size because it's the butt as well as being the butt - which was stiff and thick.
Gross, I'll be checking my food from now on before I pay.
I understand saving money but nobody would want the butt of the bread, consider your guests.
They always have extremely slow service inside too.
:(

This restaurant's staff is undertrained and there are mistakes on one out of every two orders.
If you order to go, and there's any mistakes, management will not credit you.
You must drive back to get it corrected.
Not cool.
Also, for curbside, the order hardly ever ontime and there is no urgency to take care of you.
Then the food is cold.
I'm done.

Waited several minutes to be greeted and sat.
Server came and took drink orders.
We had 3 shareable apps, pretzel sticks had no salt, looked like they had blisters and were dripping in oil, beer sauce was nice.
Egg rolls were nice too.
I had beef tips on garlic mash with stout gravy.
Was just warm, beef way over cooked and chewy, raw mushrooms which was odd.
Johan had a beef and brisket burger which was dry and paid extra for garlic fries, it was just fries with a plop of garlic on a few fries.
Server checked on food the second it was put down and we didn't see him again till after meal.

The food is reeeeeeeally good and the service  is very fast.
We couldn't figure out how to use the computer and they were so nice and helped us immediately.
Great staff and manager.

Waitress was very rude, never introduced herself, never brought us silverware until after we had food and had to ask.
Food was ok but the waitress clearly did not want to be there, we had to call another server (a woman with short hair) to get our drinks.
our waitress was on her phone in the dining area and was snarky.
wouldn't go back to this location because of her.
she wouldn't even refill my husbands drink when he placed it at the end of the table (the universal sign for needing another drink right?).
We have both been servers, it's not hard to do your job, it's a shame that you have such an uncaring employee.

Try the Roma Pepper Steak medium rare.
It comes with a portobello mushroom covered with grated Parmesan cheese and a side of steamed potatoes.
A good weight watchers meal.
Only 13 points.
The meal was very tasty and satisfying.
Service was good.
Friendly staff and quick service.

Eric the GM did a great job on taking care of his people.
Good leadership 
Will come back...

Originally I called for a pickup which they got my order wrong, even after repeated back to me two times.
Then this food was so disgusting,  I could of cooked it better than that yuck!
Not even worth the $10 special it isn't even worth $3 it's disgusting.

<SUMMARIES>
Not the best experience here.
Seems like the staff are a mess and have no idea what they are doing, including the cooks.
Food can be overcooked, under-cooked or just plain wrong.
Waitress seems to be oblivious to what's going on around her.
Maybe it was just a bad day, I don't know, but it can be really inconsistent.

