Meats dry, French fries were dry... everything was just dry.
Although to make up for the incredibly dry foods, their chili is some of the best chili I've ever had!
The manager was super nice and friendly.
I really wanted to "like" the food here because it's popular, but I can't...
I'm too huge of a BBQ fan to give this place 5 stars

This was our first time here!!!
I will not be going back!!
My son and I both had bones in our pulled chicken sandwiches.
This was not a pleasant experience.
I usually don't write negative reviews but I'm very concerned for young children due to the choking hazard this presents.
Check your sandwiches before you sink your teeth into them.

Went to Dave's last night for dinner.
They were very busy with a couple of parties so our wait was longer then normal.
When we finally got our food, the manager came over to apologize and actually picked up the tab.
I was totally taken by surprise.
I thought customer service went away long ago but not at Dave's BBQ.
It will now be a regular stop on our restaurant list.
Thanks for the exceptional service and the great food.

Ok, I'm not from the South, I'm not a BBQ connoisseur BUT I've eaten enough good BBQ to know what a beef brisket sandwich is supposed to taste like.
What I had at Famous Dave's earlier this afternoon was NOT BBQ.
It was thawed meat that tasted like Little League hot dogs and with absolutely no BBQ sauce.
Honestly, the best part of my meal was the bread.
Yeah, that's what I came for...the bread.
Do yourself a favor and skip Famous Dave's.
Skip the crap chain restaurants are dishing out and go for a mom and pop BBQ place.

Food was good.
The service was really good food was so hot it burnt my mouth.
I just like a place we're you have good food and good service

Ultimate Burger,,, enough said !
best lunch location in the area, hands down best burger with this style,,, 
yes, their other food is great also, i just like the burger that much more,,, Filling great price... the goto decision while there.

Everything about famous faves in chandler was amazing from the food to the customer Service we received from the employees.
The manager was so attentive to the guest he even greeted us when we came in and he also seated us.
I would recommend this particular famous daves to anyone.

Famous Daves has always been one of my main go to spots across the USA!
This spot is good and meets the Famous Daves standard!
The only bummer is parking is limited during peak hours but I won't let that from the rating....
Difficult to go wrong here...
They also do a free meal for us veterans on Veterans Day!
Thanks for the 2 meat salute!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Food is overall pretty good, but it's inconsistent.
I don't like that sometimes it's good and sometimes its not.
Probably the quality of chefs is not the same.
The service does make up for the sometimes inconsistency in food quality though.
Their Burgers are pretty good though.
Other food, hit and miss.

