Cool trendy somewhat western interiors.
Good place to go at Westgate when you're in need of some libations and you don't want to go to a half-ass chain restaurant.
I felt like the crown was relaxed and pretty cool.
Not much silicone or muscle heads just regular 20 to 30 somethings enjoying their drinks.
I'm not much on the west side drinking places but I'd recommend this place to someone if they asked, I kinda liked it.
Drinks were priced right and the cute waitress always kept up with us when we needed something.

I did forget to mention that the other who posted pictures of the bathroom are correct.
Hardware barely works, the smell was beyond offensive, probably because nothing flushes correctly.

Nothing special here.
The music is too loud, the drinks too pricey, and the servers to shapely for the clothing they are wearing.
Not that there are many options around job.com arena to choose from, sadly this is probably the best.

Noisy atmosphere seems to be the spot for regulars to visit.

The staff, meaning Kat, was really cool but man....The drinks sucked ass.
Seriously I wanted to go to Fry's and buy a bottle of booze to smuggle some real drink in there.
The music was cool.
Nice mix not just top 40 or Country.
The video and the art on the was was a nice touch too.
Get better drinks or your gonna be one of the next to go...

So so bad...came in after Final Four because it was the first place we came across...big mistake.
Crazy cover charge for a tiny dive bar with nothing in the beer tub.
Immediately regretted it.

This place provided lackluster service.
I'm surprised they're open.
The staff was rude.
The bouncer was even worse.
I wouldn't come back here, ever again.
I agree with all the other reviewers.
This is a horrible place.

Went to McFadden's and could not get a decent Long Island or Manhattan.
Gave up, went to hells half acre across the street and have not been treated better.
Great bartender in Allie who hit the mark.
General manager bought a round when my wife told him our story.
And btw....great scenery !

<SUMMARIES>
A lot of regulars come here which makes it a bit awkward for new people because you feel like you're intruding somewhat.
Music is kind of loud and the bathrooms, wow, pretty outdated and nasty.
I don't think they are cleaned much.
Nothing special about this place, and staff can be rude if you're not a "regular".
So so bar too.

