Best Philly Ever!!!
Thank You Sam!!!
Sometimes it is the little things in life that can Make You Happy- All it took was a Perfect Cheese Steak to Cheer Me Up, not to mention seeing a Friend Again - Thanks again Sam,, It wouldn't be the same without You

Wow after all the hype about what a great place I was really disappointed.
If this is a franchised operation than the quality control is really lacking.
Our first visit to Capriotti's and with so many other quality places I doubt if they will get us as repeat customers.
Well, here it is.
We ordered the Bobbie and the Capastrami shared it.
Both had cold bread in fact we got the impression that both sandwiches had been pre made and put in a refrigerator because the insides were also cold.
No taste at all in either.
For a company that supposedly cooks overnight you would think the turkey ingredients would look like turkey but apparently they shred it into little tiny bits.
Will not return

This place is always good, I think the owner actually made my sandwich last time I was there , owner or manager, anyway it was superb!
quite flavorful, even the next day it tasted just as good.
Grab a Capistrami you can't go wrong, until next time Cappie's , be well.

one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...
In Vegas for NYE & gave this place a shot per other Yelp reviews.
I had the Capistrami & the girlfriend had the Cheese Steak, which I had few bites of.
Both were absolutely delicious in an awesome-deli-sandwich-sort-of-way.
The shop is no-frills with only some bar seating, but the sandwiches are really reasonably priced.
So if all you're after is a fantastic deli sandwich, definitely go.

#1 in Vegas for a reason.
Everyone has their favs.... the capistrami, the cheeseteak with mush...
Mine is definitely the Bobby.
In case you haven't viewed their menu yet, the bobby is thanksgiving leftovers in a huge sandwich... yeah, exactly.

Worst service I have seen at a capriotti's.
Ordered a sandwich, watched the guy write it down and 25 minutes later the same person asked what I wanted when I reminded him of my sandwich, he only said he can't remember where the order went.
I watched 4 people come in after me order, one person the same sandwich just a different size then me get their food, pay and leave.
I will not be coming back to the location ever again.
Looks like I will be going to firehouse for now on!

Stopped in for a sandwich on the way to the park.
Next day I notice the charge has had a $2 tip added to it that I did not authorize.
( I left a cash tip in the beer money jar)

I called Corporate and got nowhere because this is a franchise store.
At that point I gave up because as much as I like their sandwiches I am never going back.

Don't bother calling in an order.
If they tell you a time it will be off by at least thirty minutes.
Terrible service.
Great food tho.

<SUMMARIES>
I had heard a lot about this place before and so now that I was finally back in Vegas I decided to check it out.
They know how to do sandwiches right and I would say this is probably the best Philly cheese steak that you can get on this side of the country.
The place has bar like seating so it's a very casual experience but still an enjoyable one.

