It was ok. Not the worst place in the world and not the best.
I don't think I would crave the food here or come back anytime soon.
My fiancé ordered the curry and rice and one chicken was pink, which he didn't enjoy.
I ordered the satay beef soup.
Which wasn't too spicy in my opinion.
I thought it was good but it wasn't life changing or anything.
The only reason we decided to check it out was because they're open late.

After reading the reviews I thought I'd give this place a shot, especially cause I was craving soup.
The seafood soup is very spicy and delicious.
If you order take out/delivery the seafood broth comes in a separate bowl and you can add as much of it to the noodle as you like.
The sweet and sour chicken was just alright, nothing special to note.
The pad thai has a generous amount of chicken and shrimp and tastes great.
I got free coupons for Spring Rolls, and Roti with curry sauce for my next visit.

Today was a lazy Sunday for me.. so I decided to order delivery.
I've ordered the Thai fried fish cake, I find it lacking in flavour.
I was craving for curry fish balls, the curry was not bad but the curry was a bit thick.
The fried tofu was very tasty.
Just enough flavour and it was crunchy.
I really enjoyed this.
I've also ordered the Tom yum noodles, it was okay as the soup lacked the spice.
I will definitely come back for the tofu and the iced tea!

Since the only other pho restaurant is pho 88 by empress, the food here is decent.
However, service is lacking.
I suppose you don't go to these places for service, but because of the other options around, I will not go back just for the average food.

OK place for a bowl of pho in the Finch area.
The lime wedge was fresh and sprouts were crunchy.
There is nothing really special or noteworthy about this place.
I might try their tom yum or rice dishes next time I'm in the neighbourhood.

Yummy pho within the North York area!
Woohoo.
I would say that I enjoy Angus Pho House's broth a lot as it contains lots of onions and scallions.
I want to say that this place is quite consistent but unfortunately the last time I went, my friend got a very small portion in terms of meat and noodles, even though we both ordered the same size.
Overall, I am quite satisfied with this place.
The interior is pretty standard, but you have to go downstairs to get to the washroom.
This wouldn't stop me from going here whenever I feel like having pho!

Restaurant has a good grasp of Vietnamese pho soup broth and base, such that the taste is authentic and delicious.
Their vermicelli noodles are thicker here than anywhere else I've gone, but was delicious nonetheless.
Great service and cheap prices made for a 4 star experience.

Good decent pho in this area.
It's about the broth and it's delicious - you can taste the flavours had been boiling for hours.
Good sized servings and a nice menu with not much of everything else.
Keeping it simple with a classic Hunan chicken to classic house pho.
I would say the best in the area.

<SUMMARIES>
Good pho here.
Tastes authentic and pretty close to other places.
Service is kind of lackluster though, but the food is good.
The problem though is that this place can be a bit up and down on consistency and you're never going to get anything exactly the same.
So some days you may like it and others you may not.

