Without question one of the worst meals I've had in recently history.
I left feeling physically ill.  No way would I have ever tried this place if I didn't have a gift card to use.
But free wasn't good enough.
I should have been paid to eat this garbage.
How this restaurant stays in business with all of the far better restaurants nearby is beyond me.
Oh wait, no it's not, stupid people still exist.

I guess it is everything that you would expect from a chain restaurant.
Normally, I would give this place 4 stars for the great food, good service, and excellent menu, but it is just so vanilla.
There are a million places just like this.
To be a little more specific and helpful, the mussels are the best thing on the menu.
Save some bread (and room) for this treat.
The best entree is the Pollo Rosa Maria.
Chicken stuffed with cheese and topped with an excellent gravy mushroom sauce.
At the very least, you know you are going to a good restaurant.
We are stuffed and you will be too.
Best advice, pace yourself but crush the bread.
Enjoy!

the only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because the service is very slow.
we got in fast for a Saturday lunch but every time we asked our waitress for anything she would come back 15 minutes later?
the food is good and comes in large portions but really?
17 dollars for a chicken Parmesan?
everything here is expensive.
I order the lasagna and was very disappointed, it was COVERED in sauce with barely any cheese or meat.
I most likely will not return here.
the only thing that was good was dessert, which is wonderful.

Got takeout for lunch.
The new online ordering app worked seamlessly.
I ordered Chicken Marsala with cavatappi ameritriciana, which was delicious.
The lunch portion cost less than dinner, but doesn't include soup or salad.
You can add those for $2.
The waiter came out as soon as I pulled up.
He was very friendly.
My food was ready.
This was a good experience.
No complaints.

Great food!
(The pork chop was awesome!!!
And the Bryan chicken is also really really good!)
we sat at the bar the food came out really quick.
Over all I am very happy and will return.

I had the Pasta Sostanza but instead of Tagliarini I had it with whole wheat spaghetti.
I was pleasantly surprised at how DELICIOUS their whole wheat pasta is!
I'm so glad I found a spot with a great whole wheat pasta in Charlotte.
The rest of the dish was great as well, right down to the artichokes.
And if you're in the mood for Sangria - the waitress recommended the Blackberry Sangria and I'm glad she did!

I ordered a seasonal dessert pastry that came in a little cast iron skillet and it was burnt beyond recognition - why was it even served to us.
Had hard time getting seated because none of the equipment was working and manager made situation worse by not helping host - it was a mess that left a bad taste along with horrible dessert - will spend money elsewhere.

Absolutely the worst service I've ever had in any restaurant we were seated at the bar because they had said they had a shortage of wait staff then we were shown to a table we asked twice to have a server visit never saw one as for the manager the manager never appeared so we got up and left

<SUMMARIES>
Without a doubt the worst service I have had from a restaurant in a long time.
The staff was rude and didn't listen to my requests.
The food was horrible and left me feeling sick.
This is not a place that I will go back to any time soon.

