I got two dress pants hemmed at Linh's Fashion Alterations and am very pleased with the results.
I felt that they did quality work and for a great price.
The workers and seamstresses were very friendly and helpful.
I didn't need my pants back in a hurry, but they said they could do same day alterations if necessary.
I would definitely return to get alterations done on other items of clothing.

These folks did a great job on my suit alterations and in time for my planned Christmas party.
I'll be back again.

The before and after pictures of them fixing my dress that another tailor butchered.
I want to thank them again, I received so many compliments on their work.

I tried this place based on the reviews from others and was so glad I did.
I stopped in on a Saturday they were busy but still super helpful and friendly.
They greeted me right away and took their time in seeing where my dress needed to be altered.
They were sure to constantly check if I was okay with their suggestions and I was in and out in 20 minutes.
I just picked my dress up and it's perfect.
Really exceeded my expectations and were quick with their work.
They called me saying it was ready 3 days early.
Will be coming back here for sure!
!

Came here because my mom is a regular and I needed to have my ball gown altered while I was in town.
They are so sweet and friendly.
They treated me very well and gave me a good deal because my mom recommended them to me.
They got my things done for me in a day and did a great job!
I dropped off 3 pieces and they got it done for me and ready for pick up the next morning right in time for my flight.
They are very personable and that goes a long way for me.
I will definitely be coming here again and dropping my things off when Im in town again.
I highly recommend this place.

Great work!
We ordered a dress online & it was nothing like we thought it would be.
Took it here not expecting anything more than some basic alterations....little did we know the dress was revamped exactly the way we hoped it would be.
The seamstress Diem was very helpful & her work was EXCELLENT!
!

Very quick with my alterations and everything fit perfectly.. Was a lot cheaper than I was expecting too.. Definitely plan to use them for future alterations

Seriously extraordinary!
My wedding is a week away and I had my reception dress which even after alterations at David's Bridal they said they couldn't fix.. it fit horrible.
Well, I had already gone to Linh's to get my Chinese dress alteres, which again they did an amazing job with, and figured I'd take a shot and see if they could do anything.
Well they could and they did... and it was something so simple that I am so shock that the people at David's Bridal couldn't event do it.
MUST come here for everything.
They know what they're doing!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is great, I have nothing but good things to say.
The dresses I ordered needed some hemming and I was recommended this place.
The price was much lower than what I expected, and the job they did was fantastic.
The best part was the time it took them.
They were much faster than I had expected them to be!

