Came for a pedicure.
Booked my appointment well in advance.
I had 4 different ladies work on me.
There was no consistency, it was not very relaxing.
And to make matters worse they cut my cuticle too short and it hurts.

Boooo hiss.
Not a fan - they were not careful at all and my cuticles were mangled after this.
I live down town so cheap nail places aren't hard to find and the one near me takes their time for the same price.
These girls were not the kindest to my friend or I even when we tried making polite conversation and left great tips.
Language barriers aside - a smile is pretty universal...so is being all rammy-jammy with sharp nail tools...

Na thanks.
Not sure what the raves are about but I will be sticking to my own place now.

This really is an awesome nail salon.
It is spotlessly clean (including the bathroom!
), very chic-ly decorated, and has some of the loveliest ladies around.
I came here for a after-hours mani/pedi party with a group of friends, and we had a blast.
Nailsense had Pretty Woman on their large flat screen while we ate, drank, and were buffed and polished to perfection.
And the cost?
A mani/pedi here is $35.
Yep, you read that right.
35 BUCKS!
A complete steal for the level of service.
DEFINITELY will be back!

3.5/5
ok i think i had much higher expectations of this place b/c of the reviews
my sister & i came 4 pedicures and she got shellac mani as well.
they sat us side by side which was nice, the place was packed - which it seems like it always is
there are tons and tons of colours to pick out, which is nice
regular pedicure but my sister said they went to town with her cuticles for her manicure that it actually hurt
the place is really nice and clean and i want to give it another chance when im in the area for shellac mani myself

I have been to Nailsense several times, for waxing and manicure.
A great salon with great prices.
*Waxing: Both Kim and Thuy are excellent and provide useful advice throughout the process...
I won't say they make it painless but they make it as pleasant as waxing can be!
And the place is very clean.
I won't go anywhere else for my waxing!
Kim is also amazing for manicures, I had the gel nails done a few months ago and everyone at work kept asking me where I had them done!

They do not do fake nails, of any kind.
So if you need a fill don't bother.
The website is deceiving, it allows you to pick the option of a gel set.
I picked that option, and then good thing that I called before I went to ask the price or I would have gone all the way there for nothing!
take that option off your website!
apparently its been over a year since you offered gel nails!
Disappointed...

Always have a great experience here.
I was an hour late to my last waxing appt due to unforeseen circumstances--they still fit me in and were very nice about it.
The staff are very nice and I'm always impressed with the results.

This place is excellent to get your waxing or manicure done.
Starting coming here to get my waxing done by Thuy, she is very professional and gentle.
Then recently started getting mani-pedis.
I got shellac nails done by Kim, she did an excellent job, my nails didnt chip for nearly 3 weeks!
Overall, I highly recommend this place.
Its clean, workers are professional and the prices are acceptable!
Much cheaper then some over-hyped downtown places with less professional people

<SUMMARIES>
The staff are sometimes in a rush and therefore are not always careful - cutting cuticles too short and not providing a very relaxing experience.
Language barrier  can make communication slightly difficult.
They offer manicures , pedicures and waxing but do not offer acrylics or fake nails.
Overall the place is clean and has decent prices.

