Went here during the lunch hours, maybe only 2 other tables had customers, no hostess greater us so we kind of sat our selves.
We sat for about 10-15 minutes with no-one acknowledging us at all and finally the hostess asked us if anyone had spoke to us.
We said no and she explained the one waitress for the 3-4 tables was also the only bartender...what?
Needless to say, not impressed.

This place is as authentically a 'dive bar' as the Disney castle is authentically a castle.
That said, I somehow don't hate it.
Stepping out of the Venetian's marble extravagance into dark and carefully arranged grunge was kind of hilarious.
Decent service, passable food, beer was cold.
Gave it an extra star for the awesome retro rock music blaring over the speakers.

The place is really nice has good atmosphere.
Although some of the waitresses could use some touch ups.
She was not very helpful and our food came 45 min later cold!
The general manager was very nice very helpful

Came here for an event that was supposed to be four hours long, we all left after one.
The best part of this bar was the DJ that we hired.
The staff was extremely condescending and rude.
The manager and bouncers were unfriendly to the point where it seemed like we should feel lucky to be in their bar.
I got snapped at by the manager for holding a beer and a mixed drink in my hand... She threatened to kick me out.
Don't waste your time or money

Good layout, friendly staff, and excellent waffle fries.
The place didn't get jumping until almost midnight.
The ratio of men to women was terrible, about 75/25 percent so if you're a single guy, be aware.
Maybe I came on a bad night.

Terrible service - messed our order up three times.
Philly sliders were cold.
Nachos have squeeze cheese and cold chicken.
Can't understand why they can't deliver on such a tiny menu if simple bar food.
Manager was unprofessional and saving seats for his personal friends as waitresses were trying to seat guests.

Horrible experience.
The free drink was a half drink the food was gross and the service was awful.
Wings were dry and gave cs massive diarrhea and the nachos " were actually and also gave cs massive diarhea DO NOT GO!!!
!

This place was awesome for our New Year's Eve day bowl games!
We took advantage of their special offer which was $100 per person guaranteed you a seat and all the premium drinks you wanted!
The manager was so wonderful as was our very  accommodating and friendly waitress/bartender Liz.
We hardly drank!
But we could if we had wanted to!
The other people that came to watch the games were very nice too, even if they were for the other teams.
The food was really good, too.
All in all, a great experience!

<SUMMARIES>
This is one of those places that tries so hard to be an edgy "dive" bar but fails on all levels.
The hostess was horrible at her job and the wait staff weren't much better.
The food is terrible and the free drink was more like a half drink.
The manager seemed more interested is saving seats for friends than helping the customers.
The food arrived cold and had serious "after" effects that I won't describe.
Bottom line, spend your money somewhere, anywhere else.

