Regular customer for the last year.
I get what is really a "trim" every 2.5 weeks.
Appointment is typically 15 minutes or less.
For the first time in a year, missed an appointment.
Was offered to re-schedule but was told that I'd be charged for the full appointment as a "no-show" fee.
So much for customer loyalty.
Too bad they're so willing to walk away from a loyal, regular client over $30.

Always a great experience.
The staff and owners care about the customer and the service they provide is top notch.
The new design and decor look great!

I have been going to Gianna Christine for a number of years now and have never had anything less than a great experience.
Shannelle, my stylist, does a wonderful job every time.
Very helpful and skilled.
The staff taking payments and answering phones are always friendly.
Both my sister and mom also go there now and always get great results.

I had an appointment booked several weeks out, and they call and cancel on me, less than an hour before my appointment time.
I understand people do get sick, but this is not the first time this has happened.
They really need a more professional, accountable staff.
You'd think you would have know earlier...less than an hours notices.
Then, just like last time, sorry we're booked straight the next month...after I've waited and they cancel on me?
I do not recommend them, and will never go back.
I've always shown up, and always have tipped well, at least 20%.
Too they're not the most reasonable, my appointments run over $150 every time.

I come in for a trim twice a month and I am very happy with the professional courteous staff.
The store front in very clean and organized and my stylist Destini is on it every time!
Amazing!
So glad I found this place!
!

What a great salon!
This was my first time here and I am totally impressed.
The girl at the front, I believe her name is Jessica, went above and beyond to get me in and then rescheduled my appointment to a sooner date so that I could have my hair done before my daughter is born.
Simone's book was completely full but they worked their magic and got me in.
I am a very picky blonde, and Simone nailed it.
She is a super talented hair stylist as well very sweet.
I love my hair and cannot wait to go back.
I highly recommend Gianna Christine Salon and Spa.

I had relatives come I.
From out of town and I referred them to the salon for massage and facial.
The facials were mediocre and the massages less then satisfying.
What has happened to the service of this salon.
Will never refer anyone again.

Steven S. Is my hairstylist here, he is a wonderful, intelligent, a great hairstylist.
I love this young boy.
This place is awesome clean and bright.
Highly recommended.

<SUMMARIES>
Lovely service all around.
They treat you with respect and want to actually make you look good.
They make you feel like you're a new person every time.
Not the fastest place on the planet but they take extra time to make sure you look amazing.

