Just went there last night with a big group.
They were friendly and accommodating.
They have a good selection of beer (in addition to other drinks).
The food was good and reasonably priced.
I ended up having the corned beef sandwich since I didn't get one for St. Patty's day last month.
It was very good except for the slightly soggy bottom piece of bread.
I could still hold it though...just a little messy.

I've spent a good deal of time in Robbie's bar and restaurant and have always been impressed by their food and the friendliness of their staff.
We love the patio for lunch and every now and then swing by for the after dinner hours when things get exciting.
Robbie himself spends a good deal of time there and has no end of amusing stories.
Just one of my favorite places in Tempe

A fun place to hang out, the food is good and the people are fun!

Best Corned beef sandwich on rye w/ chips and a slight add of Colman's Mustard....
Fantastic!

Visited during a Thursday Happy Hour.
The place was virtually deserted, and after ordering the "Tavern Steak" I think I know why.
Hopefully, all of their entrees aren't this bad.
If I owned a restaurant I would be ashamed and  embarrassed to put out  this lousy of a product.
The service was woeful as well.

I normally go to Rula Bula on Mill ave. A friend of mine told me about Robbie Fox's, and knowing how much i enjoy a good pub I had to give it a try.
Not only was the food exceptional (a great burger), but the atmosphere was welcoming, the server at my table was very attractive, conscientious, and attentive to my needs (not to mention the sexy european accent).
Price wise the food and drink is worth every penny.
Definitely my newest haunt.

It is a great place with great crowd and good service.
If you are on mill this is the only place you should go.
Avoid all the other bars

Well the down town Tempe location is great of course.
The staff was great and I guess they just changed ownership.
The menu was small the food was just so so.
I had the shepherds pie , it was ok not bad.
Wife had the corn beer and cabbage, the corn beer was like a steak not that tender.
We also had the corn dog sasusage which didnt look appetizing.
It did taste better than it looked.
Was kinda dark as I also seen the fish and chips that looked dark on the breading.
The people were great beer was cold.
They need to work on the food and menu.
The sitting area in the inside was kinda weird.

<SUMMARIES>
This is a great place to hang out the next time that you are looking for a night out.
The food always comes out quick, and is reasonably priced.
The drinks are also a great value for the money.
The staff here is also very accommodating and nice.
The next time you want to get some food and drinks you should give them a shot!

