The portions were fair the prices were OK.
This location is great for being in the center of everything.
I'll definitely go back.

The food was a hit this time unlike last time I was here.
Although the salad could improve a bit.
The croutons in the Caesar salad were huge and since you can't really cut croutons I didn't eat them.
The Pad Thai with shrimps was excellent.
The calamari, although greesy, was very tasty.
If you become a vVVIP member you get a $10 discount.
The service was much better this time, maybe because we were seated inside and not in the patio.

Ok - for the food at Jack Astors is good but it is not 4 stars by my rating scale!
What gets this location to 4 stars overall is the roof top patio!
Today I took two of my men tees for lunch and we grabbed a beer under the sun!
Being 4 or 5 stories above Yonge street was great and this patio is huge!
I have been here a few times in the past year and on a Thursday or Friday late afternoon or evening, this patio is a great stop if you are in the north end of the city before you head back downtown for the evening!

Will defo go back again...nice and helpful staff and good food...the drinks are also nice!

Patio makes it a 4 star.
Great patio and view on a summer day with mist and shade on the rooftop.
I like their new drink menu but since they changed their food menu, I haven't been a fan.
So it's usual if opt out of food and just settle for drinks.

Overpriced everything, low quality food.
Save your money and go down the road to Nome, It's more luxurious and cost less.
You would have to be foolish to pay $20+ for a burger, when Hero burgers is a quarter the price and down the road.
Really not worth it, No offence.

Jack Astor's (this location) is hands down my favourite rooftop patio in North York.
Food is alright, service is alright, price range is similar to restaurants like milestones and sharks.
If quality dining experience (food wise) is what you're looking for I wouldn't recommend but definitely for drinks and hanging out with a decent view.
Location is pretty convenient - near the TTC station and they have street parking available.
P.s.
Recommend their Chicken quesadillas, Veggie pizza, the fishbowl cocktails.
(Avoid their shrimp pasta - watery, Calamari - a bit greasy)  
Overall, good experience!

Really liked coming here!
It was my first time and the food was amazing!
The service was good and the atmosphere was great.
It's definitely on the loud side and very casual.
I had the chicken poutine and it was to die for.
My boyfriend has the sirloin burger with pulled pork on it (big Texas burger I think?)
and it was amazing.
I had to have a second giant bite of it.
Come here with friends for drinks for sure.

<SUMMARIES>
The atmosphere inside is a bit loud, but the  large rooftop patio is a nice option.
The service is decent, but you'll probably get quicker service if you're seated inside.
Things are a bit pricey here but they do offer a VIP membership that can save you some money.
The calamari is a bit greasy but there are other good options.

