I enjoyed my Chili Cheese dog.
The meat in the chili was just spicy enough for my taste.
The staff was great and pleasant even on a busy day.
The food is a little pricey for a hot dog but worth it!

This is one of the best things I've ever ate.
It's located in Container Park- Downtown Las Vegas.
It's not your traditional hotdog.
The Chef deserves a handshake for sure!!!!
Awesome..

Awwwww, no chilli dogs til Fri, Sat, Sunday!
I really wanted that chilli dog!
Also the beer I like it's seasonal, so I will have to return in the fall for the brew I like.
But it was a good experience.
I tried the crunchy dog.
It was different.....Since they didn't have the chilli dog, I was forced to try something else.
Don't get me wrong, it was good, but you know when your mouth is watering for what you want, and it's not available......... yea!
Service was good, and quick.
No issues with that.
I will be back on a Fri, Sat or Sunday for a chilli dog!

High quality gourmet hot dogs.
Kind of pricey and a long wait time for hot dogs, but definitely something different.
El Mexicano and the Grand Father dog are excellent choices

Hipster little joint here.
The menu is pretty straight forward and they have some unique selections for hot dogs.
We had hot dogs, the cheeseburger, and chicken fingers (for the kids).
I personally had El Mexicano and it was super tasty, but $7 for a single hot dog is a little bit ridiculous.
The kids didn't like the chicken fingers and the burger was just bad.
Customer service was not great either.
The cashier had a little of an attitude problem taking our "complex" order.

Too many good options!
I love hot dogs and this place had some of the best toppings I've ever seen... Rivaling my own home creations.
Quail egg?
Yum.
Seaweed?
How did I not think of that before?
We grabbed a beer as well and sat in the outdoor deck space.
This whole container park is pretty adorable and wholesome...
Especially when you stop to realize you're in Vegas.
Overall, this spot is approachable and also hip... Much like a hot dog with a quail egg on it.

I ordered the El Mexicano and the Cheffini's dogs and both were great.
The Mexicano had a green cilantro sauce on top that was perfectly tangy with a lot of flavor.
And the crunch of the bacon wrapped around the hot dog was a great texture change.
The Cheffini's dog had a sweet and savory combo that worked great together and that little bits of chips was a delicious surprise.

Went here at 10 pm.
They close at 11.
I wanted to other fries and dude working said no.
Unless I were to "too him a few dollars" to turn the fryer back on.
Horrible customer service dude was a chode.
Won't be visiting again.

<SUMMARIES>
If you're in the mood for a hot dog and are looking for something a bit nicer than a normal dog this is the place to go.
They make great custom gourmet hot dogs with fresh meat, and great fresh toppings as well.
This is a great place to visit when you're in Vegas and want some high quality food quick!

