Just had dinner there last night.
The good: food was prepared well, I had the filet mignon and crab cake.
The filet was thinner than expected, but cooked as ordered and delicious.
The cervichi appetizer was also fabulous.
The service was very good, there was a slight wait to be acknowledged, but once we were, food orders were quick and staff very friendly.
The only downside was the size of my cocktail, though made with fresh ingredients and well executed, for a $9-10 drink, it was small!
Four sips and gone, please serve a martini filled close to the rim!.
But, I would recommend this restaurant and will return.
Menu has lots of options for all types of eaters.

The service was not good.
Place was empty and could not get a server to come out after I ordered my appetizer.
The appetizer i ordered was the mussels and I give them a 1 out 5.
Came in a sweet sauce and over cooked.
Not my favorite.
The manager did come out and talk with me.
He offered me and my wife free dinner.
I will not be going back.

This place was good but wasn't great.
The service we received was a star but the food was about a 2 star.
Crab cakes 4/5 stars
Moist and lots of crab meat but was kinda lacking flavor.
Salad 3/5 stars 
The dressing was good but some of my lettuce and greens weren't fresh and crisp 

Tacos 2/5 
The slaw was kinda sour to taste but the meat was ok

We had the awesome bang bang shrimp, which is deliciously spicy and some great fish.
Can't go wrong with the Bonefish Grill, in my limited view.

Great food and service.
Sea Bass was excellent.
We also had fish and chips also excellent.
We will be back for another dinner here!

Came here for dinner, and had to get the check right away after we ate because i started having stomachache, I had the tilapia imperial and there was nothing "imperial" about that tilapia.
I agree with the other yelpers bout the food quality, for what they charge, I would have opt for fast food instead.
WE WILL NOT BE BACK!

Excellent service and spectacular food.
We tried a bit of everything!!
The bang bang shrimp and crab cakes were amazing!
Salmon and lobster delishhhhhhh and the special for the night was Oscar with mushroom raviolis and asparagus were so good!!!
Will try lunch menu next time!
!

This place is awesome.
Their menu is delicious, their drinks are original and the service is excellent.
They have  $5 martini Mondays, $5 Bang Bang shrimp and chicken and definitely check out the Sunday Brunch.
$20 all u can drink mimosas or sangria and includes an entree.
Yes they're a seafood restaurant but offer other options and have a gluten free menu.
They're owned under Outback Steakhouse so the food is guaranteed delicious

<SUMMARIES>
This restaurant is a good casual restaurant, it may not be the best restaurant in town but it's far from the worst.
The food always comes out well prepared, and is made with fresh high quality ingredients, but the staff can be a bit inattentive.
The prices are also a little high here which can be a bit annoying when the service is not that great.
If you feel like stopping by you should visit during happy hour when they have some half priced drinks and appetizers so you can get some better value for your money.

