Only autenthic place where to get real donair in Toronto!
And for amazing price!
Food is always fresh and it is great in every weather!

It was all and more than the other reviews.
1 thing made very clear a Donair is not a Gyro LOL and after having one it is very true.
Excellent taste and don't forget the homemade fries.
Service is great and friendly.
It is a must for Locals and Tourists like myself.

Being as I'm originally from Halifax, this place intrigued me.
So I sought it out, and was very impressed.
It was messy, it was delightful!
Highly recommend!

Just got back from Halifax and tried every Donair I could.
Fuzzbox was just...better; much better than any of the top Yelp rated donair places in Halifax and Dartmouth.
A whole lotta haligonians are coming to visit me next week and we are going to the fuzzbox for a great donair, because now they can see what one tastes like ;)

Awesome Donair outside of Halifax.
Just came back from the East Coast and found this little joint, can't go wrong with the Super Donair at $9.
Same prices as the East Coast and just about as good as it will get here in Ontario.

I'm not from Nova Scotia.
But I grew up in Edmonton.
Donair sauce was a staple of my  teenage years.
I went through severe donair withdrawl when I moved to Toronto.
LUCKILY, there is FUZZ BOX!
Amazing donairs and DONAIR PIZZA!
They do it right.
You haven't lived until you've had donair-something.
Period.

So I finally was downtown in the area somewhat with my husband only to walk up to the door and have a hand written sign saying back at 4:30pm, yet the open LED sign was still on and it clearly states their hours of operations on their voicemail, website and yelp.
What a waste of time.
Not impressed and definitely not going back to waste gas and come to a closed establishment when they say they're open.
If you close between lunch and dinner you should advertise it like sushi places do.
Absolutely ridiculous and absurd.

Super friendly owner originally from the East Coast.
Food was a perfect mixture of salty sweet and spicy with a special hot sauce that was kept behind the counter.

<SUMMARIES>
The staff here is extremely friendly and always make their restaurant feel just like home.
The food comes out and is always fantastic.
You get a very large portion for your money, and a good value like that is always appreciated.
I highly recommend this shop for anyone that is looking for some great food, or just wants the original authentic Donair sauce!

