These ladies are the best!
Never turn down an appointment even if your late.
Always do fabulous work.
Reasonable prices.

I decided to bring my little baby here after reading reviews and I'm very glad I did.
My dog looks very cute and he's so happy after visiting the groomers.
They finished earlier than I expected.
I am definitely bringing my dog here again!

Bevs has done right by the Rogers family first taking care of our little girl Girla who has passed and we miss to this day.
And now little SunShine who came home from Bev's this afternoon a happy pretty girl.

I hate writing bad reviews but we brought our little 5 lb Maltese here the other day and he received the worst haircut he's ever gotten.
We asked for 1 inch of hair all around and when we got him back he had been cut so that very little hair remained.
We maintain our dogs hair by brushing him every single day because we like long hair.
Not only they did cut him too short but they cut a huge chunk out of his neck!
The haircut is not even.
The nails were clipped but they're still very sharp.
Terrible experience for our pup and us

My australian shepherd loved it and the price was very reasonable!

They did an amazing job with my Shih Tzu!
After going to two other places that I did not like, I am so thrilled to finally have a place to consistently take my onyx!
:-)

Finally somewhere that treats my big rotties amazing!
They come back clean and happy!
We've been coming for over a year now and I honestly want to go no where else!

I brought Winston here for a grooming as a new customer our previous groomer is no longer in business.
These ladies were so kind and Winston came out looking like a new dog!
Cannot thank them enough!
Loved it here and will be back again.

<SUMMARIES>
I brought my dog here and these girls are awesome.
I'm so glad I did because my dog loved it.
They treated him like he was special and I love that.
It's clean and I keep coming back here because of the service I receive.
They have cut his hair a bit too much and short once or twice, but the good outweighs the bad.

