Loved it again!
This was my second visit and can't wait till my third.
I had a Fiji ritual which is a massage and coconut oil wrap, fantastic.
Also, enjoyed the whirl pools, spas and the snow room!
I plan on visiting every time I'm in Las Vegas!

Not the spa you would "frequent" but for a Vegas getaway, it can't be beat!
Great facilities (think Burke Williams) and the service I received (Shiatzu) was top notch.
Prices are high - but what do you expect for Vegas?

Did not disappoint.
Love the multiple pools and tubs.
The best thing is that you can walk around without feeling self-conscious that people are staring at you.
The saunas I don't really care for, but that's because I felt like a roasting potato.
Unfortunately, they raised the day pass price to $55 but it's worth it to go at least once.

This spa is amazing.
I go to Vegas often and I look forward to this spa almost as much as the trip.
The atmosphere is relaxing.
When I leave there I feel like I was rejuvenated from head to toe.
The steam room and roman baths are amazing.
I can find myself there for hours and hour just relaxing on the heated lounge chairs by the Roman baths.
There are snack, tea, water and juices available.
There is every thing you can think of to get ready after your experience.
No need to bring hair brushes or curling/straighteners they have them!
Absolutely, love this place.
Wish I lived closer I'd be a frequent visitor!

Pricey, but worth it.
Fridays and Saturdays can get busy, which may disturb some as there is quite a bit of talking.
The ice room is my favorite retreat in here, make sure you check it out.

The spa is beautiful!
The service was a bit spotty.
My masseuse was amazing.
I had just been in a rear end collision and she was able to work all of my knots out.
Feeling much better now.
I would definitely recommend their dry sauna, you know how some sauna's are just too hot, well this one I must say was just perfect.
Avoid the chill room.
It's not snowflakes coming out of the ceiling, it's soap.
It's just kinda uncomfortable and not relaxing at all.
Oh - I don't mind being cold, like I love the cold plunge, the chill room just didn't float my boat.

I got a day pass for this spa and it was a wonderful experience, especially right before I had to take a long red eye flight home!
I was so relaxed.
Loved the heated beds as well as the hot/cold baths.
The Arctic room was great as well, and the shower facilities and amenities were all one could ask for!
The showers had Vichy sprayers which was a pleasant surprise and bonus!
The day pass is a great deal and the best on the strip!
If you want to relax, this is the place to go!

We stayed at Wynn but decided to visit the SPA in Caesars Palace based on positive reviews.
It didn't fail us.
Massages come with access to the bath.
A must go in Vegas!

<SUMMARIES>
The next time you're looking to unwind and want to visit a spa this is a great option.
The place is a bit pricey, but completely worth every dollar.
The decor of the place is luxurious and beautiful.
The staff is also very accommodating and they work hard to make sure that everyone feels comfortable all the time.
This is a great place to visit the next time you are in Vegas!

