I can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant!!!
Amazing service and phenomenal sushi, I'll definitely be back.
We ordered the burning tuna roll, dragon roll, rainbow roll, salmon lover, toro belly nigiri and the chef gave us a complimentary jalapeño popper and delicious orange creamsicle dessert.
Great music and wonderfully clean too.
Love this place!

911 Special was amazing!
My boyfriend's fav was the Lady Gaga.
Atmosphere was nice and Kay and Sean are a lot of fun!!
Very sweet and accommodating.
We will come back next time we are in town.

Amazing sushi spot in Henderson.
Outstanding customer service, great food for a great price.
I have been to many sushi places here in town but this is definitely one of the better ones.
The owner's could not be nicer, and really go out of their way for you.
I moved about 2 miles from here and come down at least once a week, never disappoints!

Stopped in for a fast bite and was very impressed by the freshness of the fish..
WOW!!!!!
I've definitely put this place on my top 5 sushi joints.. service was just as good.. try this place before it slipps off the map like so many other All you can eat places.. no joke it's the bomb..

Dinner was fantastic once again.
Tried several new specials, lady gaga, amberjack w/jalepagos and something  with apples.
Delicious!!
Our server Kay was fantastic as well, we really enjoyed her personality.

I ordered through the Yelp delivery service and I had my fingers crossed that the Sushi would be good.
It was fabulous!
I'm picky about my seafood since I used to live in the Bay Area and know what fresh good sushi should taste like.
Everything was tasty and the Tuna was nice and firm just the way I like it.
I will be ordering from this place again for sure.
It's #3 on my list with Spicy Tuna being #2 and Osaka being at the top.
Try this place, you won't be disappointed!

Sushi was very good, fresh and menu has a lot to choose from.
All u can eat was reasonable and selection great.
We came here for our friends birthday and the owner came out spoke with us.
Very nice and inviting.
She even gave my friend a present and gave us a chef's special dish.
We will come back here again, if just for the excellent service.

We had dinner at Sai for the first time tonight.
We had the AYCE sushi.
Every roll was delicious!
(There was very very minimal wait time in between ordering rolls.)
The service was fantastic!
Our waiter, Juan, was attentive, friendly, and made fantastic suggestions when we were ordering.
The price was extremely reasonable.
It came to $46 for 2 with the coupon in the 89052 book.
We will definitely be back!

<SUMMARIES>
This is the best sushi place I have ever visited.
They have great music and great food, perfection.
The specials are amazing.
The owner is great, one of the nicest people.
This place stands out from all the other sushi restaurants i've been too.
The servers also deserve some recognition, Kay was amazing, she made the visit so good.
Also when I went there for a friends birthday, the owner gave her a chefs special on the house, amazing.
I don't know what else to say, it doesn't get any better than this.

