Great Q at their new location with grown up beverages.....SWEET!
Plenty of new flat screens to enjoy a game.
The new location has a good feel with many of the old familiar faces and a few new ones.
Would have given 5 stars but need an improved process for takeout!
Lots of grumbling and long lines on a busy Saturday night!
They'll figure it out.....still worth the wait on weekends for the BEST Q around!

Had the barbecued brisket sandwich.
They bring complimentary hush puppies to the table.
Everything tasted good.
Reasonable prices.

Seriously some of the best bbq in the area.
Everytime my family comes fine from Indiana, we have to order food from here.
I live about 20 minutes away, but it's worth the drive to me.

Decent ribs I'm not a huge fan of there sauce personally but the hush puppies are good..
I'd give it a 3 star

Service was fast and staff was friendly.
Food was above average but not the best bbq in the Charlotte area.
I'm a bbq snob so I'm hard to impress.
I'll definitely go back to this location.

first of loved this place always come 3 times or more a month used to go to old location, today we came in waiting 10 minutes to just place a drink order 3 other family's came in and were seated and were already given drinks so disappointed and now will never come back and will never recommend to anyone 1 bad visit will ruin it all for me thanks oh btw never got a drink ordered !
!

We love this place!
Been here many times and they have spoiled making ribs at home because I cannot come close.
The white slaw and collards are great too.
My wife loves the chopped pork....recommends mixing the sauces with the mustard sauce.
We recommend 521 to anyone who is looking for great BBQ.
We will be back again soon.

The biggest & possibly the best hushpuppies ever.
I like a place where even the sides are unexpectedly awesome.
The ribs were silly huge, meaty, fall-apart tender.
Liked the different BBQ sauces on the table.
Very busy at lunch, but the servers were friendly & kept their cool.
Well worth the drive into SC.

<SUMMARIES>
Fast service, fast staff, friendly and delicious BBQ offerings.
What more is there to want?
Well, there are a few cons, such as on busy days there is some waiting.
They have really nice hushpuppies that are great and taste good.

