Love this joint.
One of the best diamonds in the roughness of Sin City.
Real people, real good drinks.
Check it out if you haven't.
Karaoke Friday and Saturday nights 10-2!!
!

If you're from San Diego and enjoy Nunu's, The Red Fox Room, The Turf Club, you will enjoy this bar.
$5 Jack and Ginger, mixed crowd (there were karaoke lovers, old bar-flies, rockabillys, married-guys-nite-out types and us).

bad service, bartenders didn't feel like they liked or appreciated there job, disappointed used to be my favorite bar and always recommended

This super divey spot hosts a crowd of locals, cheap drinks, and karaoke on some nights.
Velvet wallpaper, cigarette machines an a video poker-lined bar greet you upon entering.
Love this place!
!

This small bar is awesome.
It's got a dive atmosphere, but in a classy way - a way that won't leave you wanting to put on a pair of latex gloves before touching anything.
The walls are covered in velvet.
And well, it's just an awesome decor and atmosphere.
Granted, yes, it is really smokey, but that just adds to the dive ambiance IMHO.
They don't serve food.
The beer is good.
Standard video poker at the bar.
Hilarious and awesome karaoke.

You know how you're watching a romantic comedy or chick flick, and about an hour into the movie, the protagonist has just lost the girl.
He's at his darkest moment, and the camera pans across an empty, dark bar in the daytime.
Eric Carmen's "All By Myself" is playing on the jukebox.
The hero of the movie is sitting at the bar, with his head down, nursing a drink.
Yeah, you know that scene in every movie ever?
This is that bar.

Nice place to just drink and be social, until the volume starts to get cranked up so high that conversation becomes impossible.
Drinks were priced well and not weak.
Once, when waiting for my turn at the urinal, the guy pissing looked over his shoulder at me and said, "I've got some good news...I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance."
Of COURSE you want to hang out at Champagne's.

Went to check out the remodel.
The bar looks so much better but still feels like the classic champagnes everyone knows and loves.
The service was great.
Our bartender Autumn was very attentive and welcoming.
Would definitely recommend checking it out.

<SUMMARIES>
Users enjoy the laid back atmosphere and decor of this dive bar.
Patrons also like that the drinks here are good and reasonably priced.
One of the highlights here is karaoke night, but some dislike how loud this bar can get.

