Amazing for BWW!!
Great place to watch a game and get a drink!
You'll love the way it looks inside and the staff are friendly and helpful!

I love BDubs my food unfortunately here was cold and when I asked about the points for my rewards the bartender woman said sorry I already rang you up and you need to tell me sooner so can't do anything for you.
First bartender Chris was awesome but the girl who took over after him on 3/7/17 around d 3 or 4 in the afternoon..... thumbs down.
I hope Chris got the tip I left also.
I had spent around $40 which I guess I'm not getting points for, she offered no alternative either just walked away and handed me my bill.
Don't think I'm coming back to this particular location, damn shame.

It's UFC night, we went to the other bar, they said each person spend $30 minimum.
we had late lunch, so not that hungry, and our friend try here and we can buy the 25 minimum card per person instead of have to spend them all there.
We spend them all anyway, but by force is different, right~ wings are awesome, BTW don't fooled by the "mango" by the "mango habanero" sooooo spicy!

This place was dirty .
Trash on the floor !
Ants in the booths (Plus I'm allergic) & my boneless wings were cold !!
!

We came on a tuesday night, place was chill not too busy.
It looked clean, they have lots of tvs playing different things.
We ordered chicken BBQ hot wings and the order took forever, but when it finally arrived it was sooo good, probably one of the best wings i've ever had.
So worth the wait, but... the service sucked.
The waitress was so blah she couldn't care any less.
The same people at the host stand, they were just uninviting.
Food was really good but i wouldn't go back, too snobby for Vegas, way too many places around there to eat at.
Wouldn't go back.

Horrible service, mediocre food.
Our waitress came by once to take our drink order and once to take our food order.
She never delivered either of those but had food runners bring them out.
We finished our (cold) food and beverages (refills were never an option and definitely no waters), and waited 20+ minutes for our check.
At which point I flagged down the nearest employee, waited again for our waitress, and when she did not appear, I asked for the manager.
Wish we would have just walked out on the bill for his treatment, but I am an honest person.
Came in around 7 pm on a weekday and will definitely not be back.

BWW is the worst place ever, location doesn't matter it's all equally shit service.
Especially at this location since they opened it has always been a shit show inside.
Rude rude rude employees, especially the pick up order area lady.
Always wrong order, always late, always rude, missing napkins and silverware, we just ordered a meal $50 and they forgot about it.
I work across the street and this is BS.
0 stars if possible.
Re structure the management to get the ball rolling.
Horrible always forget the cheese on burger, boneless wings when I ask for traditional, etc.
just horrible.

After a big conference, a big group of us stopped here for a yummy dinner!
Service was good and the food was good.
We all enjoyed our time there and loved the recommendations that out waitress gave us.

<SUMMARIES>
The place is ok.
It is a little dirty, but the server/staff is mediocre and lacking.
The food is ok, but the staff can be very rude sometimes.
It depends on what day it is and who is there.
The service is chaotic and no one really knows what they are doing.

