Stopped by for coffee on my morning commute.
Wasn't expecting much but was very pleasantly surprised their brew is very smooth and aromatic.
Service was present and quick.
I'm so happy :)

I am so glad a new brunch place open in Markham.
Service: very friendly and you can see they are passionate in customer and in their work.
Food: we only sample the smoked salmon eggs Benedict.
It is on point.
Drinks: they use Pilot Coffee Roasters Blend.
I quite enjoy the Cortado.
Since they are still soft opening, they are adjusting the taste.
Hope they can work on the crema.
It is still a better espresso drink in Markham.
I am sure will come back to try their brunch items and home baked goods.

The worst experience ever in Toronto.
Waited for more than 15 mins with no one coming help us.
Went to ask for seats, the waiter was so rude saying" I already told ur friend (which he didn't) why u still asking?
It's selfserve.
Go serve urself!"
Literally WTF.
It's a small restaurant which I understand and not expecting much customer service from them.
But this is way too much.
So I highly recommend to only go to this restaurant when it's not brunch time so they can take time serving you

Favourite place in Markham to get breakfast.
Customer service is always great and the food is really good

Food: 4/5
Service: 3/5 (half self service - a bit awkward when I first arrived and didn't know what to do)
Environment: 4/5
Value: 3/5

Cute brunch spot!
A friend recommended this place and I was not disappointed.
We arrived at 1pm on a Monday and we found a seat right away.
It is sort of a self-serve restaurant as you seat yourself and order at the counter.
We ordered the open face shrimp omelette and eggs benny - both were pretty tasty.

Sorry no pics everyone posted the same ones!
What can I say, the place fills up quickly.
Open face omelette pork belly my wife says its like Filipino style and was impressed.
Had a hot mocha with the breakfast.
The side salad matched well.
Great stuff from one dish.

Love their coffee and their breakfast, but I wish they offered a couple of vegan choices.
It would probably be fantastic.

The shrimp omelete was awesome.
The food decor is so cute.
I like the place but there was a long line to be seated.

<SUMMARIES>
A favorite place to get your morning going but it seems everyone else has the same Idea.
Long lines and wait times.
Good coffee, good food, decent service but that awkward type that you order at the counter and find your own seat.

