We just tried out the new location in Queen Creek and we were so happy we did!
The food was delicious and they offered a wide variety to choose from.
I went to New York some years back and was craving some authentic pasta, this restaurant has come the closest I have EVER found here in Arizona!
The service was exceptional.
Anna made sure we had a table for our large party.
The servers and additional staff made sure to double check that we had everything we needed.
This will be our new place to come for date nights,  special occasions or just because!

Really good would defiantly return.
Got the chicken Marsala and antipasto salad really good.
Great service

Can't seem to fine really good pizza in Gilbert.
2nd time delivery pushing $50.
The best part of the food, pizza, Stromboli etc is the bread.
Our delivery guy is super nice and very courteous and polite.
The salad was too cheap for $8.
Felt like it came out of a bag and left me expecting way more for the total  price.
Will keep looking around.

Took my wife to Warner location first time on a Friday night.
They were pretty busy, but not full.
She had chicken pesto pizza and i had 3 meat.
The pizza was very good, 8/10.
Crust was outstanding, meatball was tasty, but sausage was meh, lacking flavor.
People were super nice, but service was slow (took just over an hour to get a pizza).
Family biz atmosphere made it more of an experience than just dinner.
Will go back when they are less busy.
The Stromboli and calzone await.

I tried this place today, and I was impressed.
I had the 2 pizza slice & drink lunch special.
The margherita pizza was fantastic.
The crust was thin & crispy, which I usually don't like because other pizzerias either make it too hard or too limp.
This crust was incredible.
They also have delivery service.
I will not order chain pizza again.

Best pizza I've had in a long time.
We had the margarita and meat lovers.
Both were great.
We'll be back!!!
!

Can't eat pizza anywhere else now !!!
Close my eyes and feel like in Brooklyn eating Bay Pizza by train in Sheepshead Bay.. and their sauce is delicious.
...and they leave the the bubbled pockets of dough and don't pop them like other places!!
Cannoli's perfectly sweet, garlic knots w/fresh chopped garlic perfectly crisp on outside and yummy on inside!!
This is my only place for Italian food now.. and owner is friendly as is waitstaff..
Enjoy the food every time I come here, it is worth the trip no matter how far..

Seriously!!!
I mean this place got 4.5 stars !
Worst pizza i ever tried , nothing special at all , i ordered for home delivery and got my order after 75 minutes cold , the the pizza tastes horrible .
First time and never again

<SUMMARIES>
The pizza is good here and the crust is also really nice.
It's a bit expensive though, and delivery is expensive if you go that route.
Delivery also takes long, so yeah it could arrive cold which would suck.
If you eat in store though it's the absolute bomb and worth it.

