The pancakes are the best that I have eaten in Phoenix.
Also it is one of our favorites in our area of town for breakfast.
The owner, Joe, stopped by our table to greet us and is almost always there to make sure everything is perfect.
It is a great local and family owned business.
We also thought the coffee was great for a breakfast place.

Stopped here while we were visiting Phoenix and the yelp community came through again in choosing a good place to eat.
The Chorizo gray is awesome!
I had a breakfast skillet with potatoes, egg and sausage and gravy on the side.
Delicious :)

5 star pancakes, 3 star service and facilities.
The pancakes are perfect.
Super light and fluffy.
A "short stack" (two big pancakes) is perfect for a normal human being.
Service is just so-so -- nice enough, but slow/infrequent.
And what's up with the low/no AC policy at 11:00 a.m. in August?
You do NOT want to be sitting in the front section of the restaurant.
At least there was a big floor fan sending air to the back room, but nothing up front.
I'd enjoy my breakfast a lot more if it weren't 85-90 degrees in there.

Seriously simple and good.
We went on a saturday for some straightforward diner breakfast.
What we got was exactly that and good service: a bunch of hard-working ladies.
The pancakes were fabulous (tall stack) plus a side of eggs over easy.
Just go, it's simple and don't expect more than what it is .
.. a dine opened 7-3.

First Impression: The owner greets you at the door and welcomes you into the restaurant, which is a nice touch.
The location isn't the best but that's typically where you find the best restaurants.
The food was delicious.
The pancakes are yummy!
I will definitely come back again.

I was the birthday girl and have to agree with Az W. Unfortunately, I suggested the place when asked where I would like to go for lunch.We hadn't been to Joe's Diner so I thought that we would give the ""new guy on the block" a try.
- Sorry - not a good experience..

Followed Nader's advice and tried the #2, but I got it with the potatoes instead of the pancakes.
It was awesome!
Excellent quality and flavor cooked to perfection.
Service was quick and friendly.
I saw lots of other things I want to go back and try,like the pancakes and the biscuits and gravy.
This is going to be one of my favorite breakfast places!

Biscuits made from scratch, not frozen.
Homemade pancakes with real buttermilk, not from a mix or box.
Homemade blueberry jam, no jar or can.
True diner coffee.
A group of friendly, engaging staff.
Five stars.....
Need I say more.

<SUMMARIES>
Great place to get a homemade breakfast.
The business is family owned by hard working people.
They try to provide a warm welcoming environment.
The pancakes are definitely a favorite, and the coffee is great.
Can be a bit too warm during the summer.

