All around "Amazing" Cafe!
My fiancé and I will come back here again.
Friendly and helpful staff makes it very comfortable to choose the right dish for your taste buds.

Two words: THE MADDIE.
This grilled cheese is everything.
I'm pretty much a connoisseur of cheese sandwiches and I can tell you that Z Cafe's rendition is a winner lol.
I come here regularly for lunch since my job is close and they're always well staffed at this time which makes the process of ordering and picking up very smooth.
Their treats like the cookies are soooooo good, as close to fresh baked as you can get at mid afternoon during the work week.
Great place to eat lunch, I just wish they'd stay open later...BLT is good also.

Omg!
This place is awesome.
I have been for lunch and dinner several times.
I have enjoyed each item I have tried.
I don't eat meat so sometimes it's hard to find a good place that you can go to when you're with people who do eat meat that everyone will like, there's something for everyone there.
everything is fresh, delicious I can't speak highly enough about it.

If you're looking for an awesome lunch spot look no further!
Z Cafe is always fresh and super delicious.
The Avocado BLT is my favorite.
Staff is always very friendly too!

This is my second time eating at Z Cafe.
I ordered the turkey bacon and avocado on sourdough with a side of fresh fruit.
My husband ordered the roast beef melt on sourdough with their  potato salad.
I was just as impressed with this visit as my last.
Both sandwiches tasted fresh and delicious.
The sides were equally tasty.
I will definitely be back!

At first I was disappointed that breakfast was over at 10:30, but I'm glad it did because I ended up getting the Alloush and it was phenomenal!
Great food and great service!
Everyone was friendly.

LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, I go here literally every weekend and love all of their sandwhiches.
Their sides are all homemade and are very delicious (especially the potatoe salad).
The staff is very friendly and the owners are always there greeting people.
Can't say enough great things about Zcafe, best sandwhich place in town!

I have not found a better place for a sandwich yet.
The turkey bacon avocado is so good that I think about ordering it the next day while eating it for lunch.
The meat is Boar's Head- awesome.
The breads are amazing, the sauces are delicious and the side dishes are incredible!
There isnt a single thing I have ordered that I didn't like.
They don't deliever, but it is worth the drive I assure you.
If you are hungry, go there.
Right now.
Seriously, stop reading and go to Z-Cafe.
Order the Turkey Bacon Avocado on Ciabatta.
Thank me later =)

<SUMMARIES>
I'd like to note that breakfast does end earlier than most places.
Around 10:30 AM.
So lunch kind of starts early, but it doesn't disappoint.
They have delicious sandwiches and sweet foods to try.
The BLT is noteworthy.
Definitely a good place to check out.
They use fresh ingredients too.

