I had purchased a Yelp deal for here.
My daughter and I went for lunch on a Sunday at around 11:30.
Walked in and there were no customers - we were told they had changed there Sunday hours and did not open until 1 pm!
The manager said to come in and they would still serve us anyway - I thought this was very accomidating!
Both the food and service were very good - more than enough food for the 2 of us to share and still have leftovers.

I was very impressed.
Service was good food was awesome atmosphere was very soothing.. very nice date place.. loved it.

We just discovered this place.
The meals were great.
I had chicken kabob wrap and my wife had beef shawarma.
The live music complemented the food to create the perfect environment.
Everything was authentically Middle Eastern.

Very good service and wonderful food!
All around a great restaurant.
The chicken kabob was amazing & very flavorful!

Service was good
Shawarma was average.
I'd've had much better.
The kicker was $1.50 charge for water.
Seems like the ultimate cheap move to me.

Authentic sophisticated flavors in every bite!!!
We enjoyed our generously topped feta Greek Salad followed by a fabulous Mixed Grilled Meat platter with 3 incredible sauces: garlic, tahini, and tzatziki and Rice.
We immediately began our mental list of which friends we would bring back.
Yes, thats right, we are planning MANY return visits....Friendly, welcoming staff helped make our first visit extra special!!!
Can't wait to go back and try the lunch specials.
I'm totally hooked!!
GO NOW..Go tomorrow..Go this week...SO YUMMY!

The food was great, and worth the little extra most places charge, but it's a restaurant, not a gyro n burger place.
Very clean, I've never seen glasses so clean, spotless silverware.
I'd definitely come back again.
I wasn't a huge fan of the Pita bread, but that's my ONLY complaint

The place is clean and the servers are nice.
The food was a little lacking in flavor.
We had Chicken kaabob, kefta, fries and rice.
The chicken was good, needed more marination.
The kefta was boring and the rice was horrible, old and dry.
The garlic spread they use with the chicken is awesome and very very strong garlic.
I used the yelp deal but the meal only can to $22 so I have a yelp deal to go back.
I just am not sure I will.
Maybe for the live music??
?

<SUMMARIES>
If you are craving some Mediterranean food this is a great place to check out.
They have some great kababs, greek salads, and even a fantastic shawarma.
Everything always comes out fresh and is served by a very friendly and attentive staff.
I highly recommend checking them out, they also have some great live music too!

