We had family dinner there, and while it's a noisy atmosphere--the food is divine.
The bar area is very crowded
on most nights so pretend it's a NYC place.
We made reservations as I strongly recommend for anyone dining.
My favorite was the farfalle pasta with pistachios, shrimp and saffron.
The app of Brussels sprouts and parsnip purée pizza was incredible my delicious.
I have found a new favorite dinner destination.

Great food!
Very cute restaurant.
It is a little loud when the main room is full but the pizza was delicious.

Food was good but portions are really small for the price.
Wine is overpriced.
Bring your wallet.

Grilled octopus is soft and tasty.
However it has a rather strong fishy smell.
The spaghetti with shrimp dish is excellent.
The pasta is fresh and cooked perfectly al dente.
The brick oven pizza with prosciutto and brussel sprouts are delicious!

Awful.
The noise level is deafening.
Right after the four of us paid paid several hundred dollars for dinner, we were asked to vacate our table because someone else was waiting for it.
Wait, what?!
None of us will ever go there again nor will we recommend it.
Too bad because one of the group is on the board of a large public company HQ in Charlotte.
Stagioni won't get a second chance to make a good first impression.

LOVE this place!
Tried a little of everything from appetizers to desert and it was flawless.
Lovely atmosphere; highly recommend for a group dinner or date night.

First of all this could be literally the only restaraunt in NC that serves zucchini flowers... For this reason alone I showed up and Stagoni did NOT disaapoint.
LIGHT, DELICATE, FLAVORFUL!!
Anyone can make squash blossoms them but these were fabulous!
The mussles?
So good we ordered them twice.
I am a very picky Italian and everything we had we enjoyed!

We had two apps, $13.00 for 3 pork meatballs and $15.00 for a fig tart that was to sweet that it should have been a dessert rather than an app.
Place is way expensive for Italian food.
The wine menu again is very expensive for the selection, same glass of pinto at wolfgangs is $3.00 less cheaper.
Glad we tried it but you pay for the Myers Park area instead of quantity and quality of the food.

<SUMMARIES>
This is a good place to stop by if you are looking for a family dinner environment.
The main dining room can be a bit loud with kids, but that's something that is encouraged by the restaurant to try to make it have a family friendly environment.
The food always comes out perfect though, they always make everything fresh and it shows.
The pricing is also a little high for the size, but the quality is there.

