Like any authentic Chinese Restaurant I have been to the service is not great.
However we will always ignore the not great service and go here to eat because the food is soo good.
Order the shredded pork pan fried noodles and the crispy roast pork.

Their beef has gone bad.
It looked light as pork.
- June 6, 2016

You could say their beef's got beef with my small intestine.
Been in the restroom all day.
Good god!
Health inspection, please.
Beef is spoiled!
Don't order the beef or you'll be in pain like me.

good food except for steamed seabass.
youll know if it frozen and not worth the price.
yang chow was superb amd the generals chicken.
beef broccoli was also tasty and flavorful.
will definetely comeback but will avoid the steamed fish coz its not fresh

yes the food is incredibly authentic chinese but it has been discovered and now extremely busy.
come early to avoid the madness and crowds.

Dont know how good the food is but if Ive been standing by the door more than 15' and no one greets?!!
Not even a hello and ask how many people?
?

Horrible service.
I waited for 10 minutes in an empty restaurant waiting for the hostess to set me.
They couldn't pause the their conversation for a minute to just nod and point me to a seat.

As soon as I walked in, all 3 waitresses turned their backs and headed to talk among themselves in the back.
After having stood by the door for a good minute, one of the waitress motioned me to a table.
Didn't hand me a menu or asked what I wanted to drink.
Right then, a Chinese (?)
couple came in.
They were greeted warmly and escorted to their tables.
I'm Filipino by the way.
3 more minutes of waiting and nobody came to take my order.
I just left...

If you need a place to get the freshest and most authentic Chinese food in town, Hong Kong Garden Seafood & BBQ Cafe is the place to go.
Whether you are craving peking duck, lobster, or even freshwater eel, this restaurant will definitely fulfill your cravings.
Whenever I go here, I get THE freshest seafood and I am never disappointed with their dishes.
There was this AMAZING waitress here that was able to provide me with extraordinary service and a welcoming atmosphere.
I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants here in Vegas and nothing compares to Hong Kong Garden.
I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a place with fresh and authentic Chinese food!

<SUMMARIES>
I don't know where to start.
It's authentic, yeah, but their ingredients might not be the best quality.
Service is lackluster.
Seems the waitresses are too busy talking to themselves, and are too busy gossiping to pay attention to what's going on around them.
It's pure chaos when it's busy, so check it out when it's not.
Once again, it's authentic and closest you'll get to that, but expect some wait time.

