Tasty food, nice servers and cozy atmosphere!
I really enjoyed that the fruit side wasn't the typical unripe cantaloupe most places serve.
I will be going back so I can try more of their lovely menu!

I went a million years ago and loved it -- had the banana pancakes I think but the next few visits I either got thee too late or the line was too long so I haven't gotten back
The house is amazing 
It actually a converted house!
So freakin cool

Visiting from Berkeley and love the ambiance here, nice old school vibe and super friendly waitress.
Ordered a veggie omelette with bacon on the side, with a salad.
Super fresh and came out fast.
Had a great conversation with my friend Neil and loved the experience here.
A must visit brunch place in toronto, one of my new favorites!

The food isnt worth the horrible service.
Rude aggressive staff.
Told us to wait outside in a -10 weather in a rude tone:"you have to wait outside, okay? "
while he shoved me with his hands.
Keep your hands to yourself.
We left at a heatbeat and we're never going back.

Love love love.
The potato salad is awesome.
So far I've tried the breakfast pocket and the breakfast tacos and both left me feeling very satisfied.
The sidewalk patio is great in the summer.
Prices are reasonable, service has always been good and I've never had to wait for a table (both times I've gone at breakfast on a weekday).
My waiter today was a riot.

For the price, this place ain't a bad brunch option.
The scrambled eggs weren't half bad.
The OJ was nice.
I'de say you're going here more for folksy atmosphere than the food.
Their omelette topping choices are not exactly varied.
Their featured omelette for the day I went had cauliflower in it.
cauliflower?
if you want a killer brunch, hoof cafe is my pick.
nobody in the city does pig like those guys.

i really like this place.
Its always really busy though and not big enough to accommodate the high demand, which means they could raise their prices, but they don't, which is nice.
Good food, friendly staff, well priced.
More places in toronto should be like this.

Delicious grilled cheese - I had the Brie and Pear one and it was a rich mix of sweet and savoury (salty) that paired nicely with potato salad that had a more light taste.

<SUMMARIES>
Nice ambiance and atmosphere.
Relaxing place and service is top notch.
The food is also very good.
The place can get a little busy though so a lot of rushing around for the staff, but they keep their cool.
Might be better to go when the staff isn't stressed out because even cool staff can get frustrated and appear rude, when they aren't meaning to.

