As bad as it gets....biryani is just average...u can get better biryani in kabob palace or Chennai fusion in Chandler and Chennai chettinad or mayuri palace in North Phoenix.

Self Service restaurant.
Food is Ok. You can try once.
You will not find smile on the Owners Face.
No cooler hot like hell.
Not Clean to expected standards.
Inexpensive food.
restaurant is crammed.

Oh my goodness yummy chicken tikka masala and garlic naan.
SO HAPPY to see a good Indian place on this side of town.
I think businesses come and go in the shopping center these guys are in though so eat there!
So I can continue to eat there.
:)

food here is average with poor quality
for example paneer butter masala was lime water with no paneer and few onions
and place is not very hygenic
the owner took order from folks and took payments written something on paper for phone order cleaned tables and he went to kitchen put masala stuff on the dosa with bare hands and rolled dosa with bare left and right hand.
come on atleast use plastic gloves it so gross
not going again

should be rated as 0.  worst place to eat in phoenix.
worst indian food.
raw and uncooked.
stinking meat.
rotten meat served.
will cause food poisoning.
never eat in this place.
if you eat, eat at your own risk.

The food isn't always fresh, but when it is, it is okay.
The portions aren't that great.
But the worst thing is the customer service.
I was getting food to go and asked for a napkin, the woman said "we are out of napkins".
I just looked at her in disbelief.
She sighed, turned around and went into the back.
Returned with a new pack of napkins, opened them in front of my eyes and handed me a couple.
Nice.

Found a replacement place for Biryani very near to this restaurant opened Pastries N Chaat which serves alot better food than Bawarchi atleast he wont lie saying Biryani is fresh and serve stale food....

The food is mostly pretty good.
Not a place to dine in.
Small stuffy and hot, with the hot oil & burners in close vicinity to the seats.
The biryani & chicken curry are good.
Paneer mattar (ie., cheese with peas) is a waste, you get 3 pieces of paneer floating in curry or 4 if you're lucky.
Being in Scottsdale, decent Indian food is hard to come by.
So this little hole in the wall stands out!
It is on the spicy side, which is great if you like that.
The big plus is... they recently opened an Indian grocery store next door.
They have a good variety of spices, daals etc.

<SUMMARIES>
This place really isn't that great.
The atmosphere could be so much better.
The restaurant is pretty small and hot, so its really annoying when there are a lot of people.
It just makes me feel uncomfortable.
The food is average at its very best.
At its worst, you get chicken that is old, with sauce that is watered down and flavorless.
I'd definitely skip this place next time.

