10/22/2011 was the date of our visit.
Food was just okay, server was just okay.
The manager climbed up on the food prep counter to fix a light.
We felt like that was the most unsanitary thing anyone could do - he could have just come from the restroom for all we knew.
Needless to say, lackluster service, mediocre food and lack of concern for the cleanliness of the food prep area will guarantee we will NEVER return.

We like the food and prices are reasonable.
Our biggest complaint is the service.
It took a bit long to get a server to come over and then it took our server a while to get our bread and drinks.
They really need to develop a better sense of teamwork.
While waiting for things there were numerous servers standing around gabbing.
It really gave us the impression of "Not my table."
"Not my problem."
Only other complaint is they need to get some rinse aid for the dishwasher.
I had to dry our bread plates when the hostess gave them to us.

Not enough staff is on hand the two times I have been in to properly pay attention to paying customers.
I agree that the portions have shrunk over the years, and the effort is no longer there.
It is convenient to have nearby but not worth my time when other great restaurants are around.
Wish I could rate it better but it's just not that good at all.

Went to dinner with 4 others and had another bad experience at the Macaroni Grill.
When will we ever learn?
The server was not only inattentive, but p o'd when we asked to be moved to another table.
When the food came it was at best, luke warm.
They had run out of one of our ordered dishes, but didn't inform us until 20 minutes after we had ordered.
Running out at 6:00 p.m.: Really?
More delay and no apologies.
There is no excuse for a cold meal and poor service.
We will not go back since the Grill seems not to care and there are plenty of other restaurants which do.

The service is kind and friendly.
However there was complementary bread served.
The Pizza I ordered was undercooked and had very little sauce.
Macaroni Grill has unfortunately taken a dive.
Best to avoid the place or at the very least this location.

I know this is a chain, but Between this and Olive Garden, I would def pick this place.
Service was great at this location and food not bad at all, although not excellent, I think it still deserves a good 4 stars

I had a  2 for 1 $9.00 express dinner coupon so we order up 2 dinners to go.
The deal was 9 min or its free, it took 20, but since I was getting 2 meals for $9.00 I did not make a fuss.
The actual pasta was fine and amount was fair but it  had maybe a 1/4 of a chicken breast.
The chicken tasted like it came from Taco Bell, VERY processed.
The sauce straight from a can.
I have had much better frozen dinners.
My husband and I used to like Macaroni Grill it sad too see its food go so down hill.

The atmosphere was great, friendly server.
Although the food I think is served from frozen.
I ordered mama trio.
The two of three items were great.
Plate came out hot, couldn't touch it.
Went to eat lasagna and was ice cold in the center, nit even warm.
The server apologized about it offered new one or reheat this one.
I chose a new one to go.
I saw her go tell manager.
The manager didn't even come over and say anything.
I was not even acknowledged on my way out and walked past 3 people.
I will not be going back.
Over priced for frozen food.

<SUMMARIES>
I'm really not a fan of Macaroni Grill, well, at least THIS Macaroni Grill.
The staff is slow and really doesn't seem to car about providing quality service.
It took well over 30 minutes to get my food and the place wasn't even packed with people.
I ordered pizza and it didn't taste right.
I think it wasn't fully cooked.
I won't be coming back.

