This place is the cat's ass.
It's cheap, the food is pretty good, the service is great, and it's just a good place to watch a game.
It is never going to get 3 Michelin stars, but it certainly deserves better than some under-21 year-old vegetarian saying that it's gross.
It's a bar that serves cheap tacos, what do you expect?

I've never eaten here but have been here for the drinks and music.
This place is always beyond packed so my husband and i decided to check it out.
It's a nice venue with nice staff.
What I don't care for is the music.
If you love top 40s, then this is your place to be.

OMG this is seriously my favorite place to eat on mill.
I love that you can get a super tasty burrito quickly and hang out and have a drink at the bar.
And they are really cheap.
I would highly recommend the pork.
It's shredded and has a nice kick to it.

Fantastic!
Went there with my boyfriend and some friends for drinks and a bite.
I got a veggie burrito (definitely a thumbs up) and an assortment of drinks, all delicious.
You can tell the bartender cares about what he puts together, and it was fun chatting with him before we ate.
The atmosphere is almost trying too hard, but that really only adds to it's charm, as you notice more and more interesting details as you look around (parachute frogs on the vent, etc).
I'm hoping to stop in again very soon to try their veggie nachos or tacos.

Great happy hour beer special with friendly bartenders.
This is a good place to start and end the night.
There food is decent (gringo Mex) as well and I like the Mexican out door atmosphere feel.

Bangin' tacos served all night long.
Perfect for when you stumble in at 1:45 am all famished and looking for something tasty just before you head home.

Best reverse happy hour in Tempe.
4 stars is only for the bar -- not the food as my liver was in charge that night.
Chronic Tacos is one of those places where things can go downhill quickly - but all in fun and cheap drinks.
The $3 rockstar/vodkas were our poisons of choice.
Busy, but not crowded Chronic at 9-ish was fun and likeable wih their comfortable black leather booths.
Our happy hour last week that turned into a reverse happy hour resulting in free acrobatic entertainment by yours truly on the light rail.
At Chronic Tacos, just remember: buyer beware.

Four reasons I come here: it's downstairs from where I work, they have decent prices, the bartender makes a pretty good margarita and I like the patio.
Not a huge fan of their food and in the summertime when the windows are closed it kinda stinks when you first walk in, but overall it's a good place for drinks on a patio-type day on Mill.

<SUMMARIES>
Great place to go for entertainment and to hang out with friends.
You can watch a game or the music is nice as well.
The food and drinks are cheap and the bar has a decent happy hour.
The bartender knows what hes doing and is super friendly too.

