I don't usually write reviews, but...
Finally!
A car wash I don't have to go home and finish the job.
Had an oil change and wash today and I am a very happy customer.
This will be the only wash I go to from now on!

I went there on a Saturday morning when they were slow.
I assumed that it would be fairly quick, but I was wrong.
I was there almost an hour, which I would of been OK with if they did a great job.
Ended up having to spend about another hour washing cleaning what they missed.
Would of been much cheaper and better just doing it myself at home.

Had to give a 1 just to write a review.
I would have rated a zero.
Service was terrible car was still dirty and barely vacuumed.
As sad it is to say the quality of work has really suffered in the last few months.
I will do everything in my power NOT to return to this car wash.

A very clean mid-range wash and decent customer service despite being a bit heavy on the up-selling, but where else can you watch TV and stare at a fish tank while you wait for you car to get cleaned?

SLOW last 2 times I have been here.
Today was 50 minute wait and last time was 55 minutes.
It seems the problem is before the wash because not many cars in line after the wash but way backed up before the wash.

Pathetic car wash.
If you want good service, value for your money go to another car wash.
They left patches of dirt on the tires, body and on the bumper.
Even after complaining to the so called "Manager", nothing happened.
I paid for the VIP car wash. Left disappointed.
Will never go back.
Stay away from this car wash.

It is always hard to review Danny's.
They wash your car for $12 bucks but you always want them to do more.
They vacuum, wash, dust, do windows, tires and dry your car every time.
Usually in less then 45min.
TOTALLY worth the money.
Sure they miss the air freshener or a window or a floor mat you paid extra to have cleaned.... still better then I do on my own.
I would spend hours cleaning for almost the same results.
I use Danny's for oil changes as well.
They really do a good job, detailed and organized.

They did an oil change and DIDN'T PUT AN AIR FILTER IN THE CAR!
Then after driving the car 5,000 miles without one, they said that I had to drive the car to them so they could fix the problem.
I'm getting a lawyer.
Please do not trust any vehicle maintenance to this shoddy operation.
I won't be washing my car here anymore either.

<SUMMARIES>
If you need your car washed and you are driving down the road looking for a place to get it done, drive RIGHT PAST this place.
It is terrible service!
They are awful and very slow!
Plus they don't do a great job cleaning.
I cannot believe how poor this service is.
I'm never coming here again!

