Been wanting to try this place for a long time.
Stopped in yesterday and omg it was well worth it the food was amazing and the Service and people there were too so friendly and happy to help.
If you're ever in town to get a chance to stop bye do it.

Great comedy.
Mac and cheese is probably the best I've ever had.
BBQ is always top notch.
Bar tender Ali is amazing.

I'm sure  the food is good but the on-line menu is a clear bait and switch.
The prices are much higher at ricks than the original restaurant.
However you won't know that till you get there.
The 2 meat and side is $20 with drink, at the original it's  $13.99 without the drink.
$7 drink.
Go to the original.

Fun night of karaoke.
Food good...lady bartender could have smiled and been a little friendly.
Great location.

This place was amazing!
The pulled pork is a must try and their sauces are the best in the land.
Located right next to pawn stars.

New place next to Pawn shop on LV Blvd.
friendly quick service.
Great brisket.
Also have pulled pork, ribs, chicken & links.
Have 2 sauces, original is sweet with a little spice.
All the traditional sides.
Tried the chipotle slaw (didn't like) at their other restaurant so I skipped it here.
I had potato salad which was topped with bacon & green onion; tastee.
Upstairs is a bar/pub serves same food.
Rick sometimes bar tends.

I was in the mood for some barbecue ribs and we came across this place.
Omg best food ever I've never had something like this so juicy so much beef I love this place I will recommend it to anyone

Brisket is on point!
Service was great!
The only thing I wish they had are some items off their other location menu.
I get why they don't since its located in a spot that lots of tourists be at.
I definitely plan on coming back since its conveniently located by my job.

<SUMMARIES>
If you're in the mood for some good old comfort food this is a fantastic place to check out when you are on the strip.
They have some great homemade mac and cheese, as well as some amazing fresh brisket.
The prices are fair and they always make sure to serve you a large plate of food.
I definitely recommend this place, their service is also extremely friendly and welcoming!

