Great place to watch a game.
Great beer selection.
Great little corner location and easy parking options around the restaurant.
Had wings and some appetizers.
No complaints here other than the slower than usual service.
It wasn't busy but...I've recieved far worse service.
I'd give it another try mainly due to the atmosphere and food selection.

The place serves good burgers.
I went for lunch and was immediately seated.
The burgers are cooked to your liking and you can swap out the fries for the vegetable on the menu.

The burger list is extensive and creative, as is the beer selection.
Pretty standard bar fare otherwise, but it hits the spot.
Plenty of TVs without feeling like a sports bar.
Not a bad place, and significant bonus points for the bowling machine and pool table.

Huge variety of burgers.
Burgers are kind of on the small side for the price.
Food was excellent.
Service however sucked.
We sat at the bar, with maybe 10 customers in the whole restaurant and a good amount of servers.
About 10 min to be asked if I wanted a drink.
When the bill came.
We promptly paid it and waited forever for the bartender to finish arraigning bottles and putzing around before finally taking out payment.

Honesty, nothing special about the burgers.
I was expecting a burger experience.
All I got was an average patty with decent topping.
Actually the patty wasn't great.
Didn't taste fresh.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
Actually even if I was right next to it is probably go next door to the Thai place or Jimmy Johns.

The appetizers are plentiful, the burger choices are amazing, the non burger options are fantastic, and there is even dessert!
So many beers to choose from..what's a girl to do?
The service is great, fast and friendly!
You can have a spicy burger or a sweet burger on a glazed donut!

After waiting at the bar for 15 mins for a beer with no luck I moved to a table when my friends arrived.
After slow beer service and no food, our waitress literally walked off the job.
I don't know how you're so ill prepared for a game day.
Disappointing and I will not return!

I really like the set up of the place.
Great atmosphere.
A good sized bar to start at while waiting to be seated.
A great beer selection, especially the bottled beer.
Went on a Saturday night and they were out of a couple draft beer selections.
I could understand a random night during the week but not sure what the excuse is for a Saturday.
They also didn't bring out the appetizer until after we received our food.
The food is good though and the service staff appeared to be solid.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has the best burgers, period.
Not only that but they have so many different choices as far as what kind of burger you want, its insane.
The also have some amazing non burger choices too if your in the mood.
The beer selection is great as well.
The service can be a bit spotty, especially on game night but that can be overlooked most times.
Bottom line, if your in the mood for a burger and a beer, this is your place.

