Great place for greek food!
Our table started off with the classic Saganaki and 2 dips (hummus and tzatziki) -- delish!
Came with 2 baskets of whole  wheat pitas which were warm and soft :) We each had  different entrees ;  Grilled calamari salad ( calamari was grilled perfectly), small lamb souvlaki dinner, large pork  souvlaki dinner,  and a salmon dinner  -- all came with a starter greek salad and rice, potatoes, and mixed veg.
Will definitely  come back!

This is a huge restaurant; it has 2 separate patios and a ton of indoor seating.
I've come here on many separate occasions in the past, and while it hasn't disappointed me, I can't say I've ever been wow-ed.
I had the small pork souvlaki dinner with rice and roasted potatoes ($14.95).
The portion sizes are good and the tzatziki is super garlicky (I do love garlic).
The potatoes they gave me (3) were also huge!!
So, I left very full (and feeling like I undid my workout just before).

Love the great comfort food this place offers, they also have a fab patio in the summer!

This place definitely has problems with consistency, but it has remained one of my favourite places on the danforth.
I usually only go there for take-out, electing to go to pantheon when I want to get a table.
At one point the grill men were actually greeks (maybe a greek guy still pulls an occasional shift) but that seems like it was ages ago.
In any case, the lamb sandwich on a bun with extra tzatziki is my pick, although sometimes the chunks of lamb are just too fatty and make for a chewing struggle.
Depends on the day.
Oh yeah, and be prepared for onion breath.
Those are raw onions :)

I was in here today November the 7th  we ordered few things I'm surprised how terrible it is the quality it's not there like they used to be the best on the Danforth when some Greek American had purchased the place since he sold it n the knew  guys picked it up its not the same terrible The management should wake up and smell the coffee and  not to get greedy  the most recent operator looks like a lost farmer ....!!!
!

This is the best Greek restaurant on the Danforth- Greek Town!
You can't really go wrong with any of the Greek restaurants in this area - we have tried just about all of them over the years, but if you want the best one, Astoria is it.
Patio if great.
Service always fantastic.
One litre bottles of wine: great.
It probably has the largest seating capacity in the area so getting is usually not a problem.
Opa!

This was my favourite restaurant on the Danforth but unfortunately, it no longer is.
The prices have increased and the quality of food has decreased.
Today I ordered their pork souvlaki dinner.
The starter salad was too salty to eat and on top of that, the pork was burnt to a crisp.
Other restaurants on the Danforth will charge the same (some even less) and give you far better quality food.
I would only go to Astoria as a last resort from here on in.

Decent food at a decent price is my tag line for this place.
The portions are generous and the service was friendly.
It seems like this place has been around for a while and you know what you are getting in this family style-ish restaurant.
This won't be the best Greek meal you'll ever have though.
I think it hits the spot but this place seems to be more about the quantity and deriving flavor with lots of cheese & oil as opposed to using the best or fanciest ingredients on the market.
The wine and beer list is also quite limiting.
So just enjoy it for what it is.

<SUMMARIES>
There's some issues here with being consistent all the time, but it's a big place and the service is generally good.
The prices have gone up since it first opened and the food quality isn't consistent at all.
It's either good, OK, or just bad.
You'd expect to pay a lot lower in price for the quality of food they are serving.
It's got a good comfort feeling and ambiance to it though.

