THE RESTAURANT AT THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED.
I have eaten here several times - but to my dismay, found it no longer in business at the village trails location.

Great evening (Oct.) under the stars!
First of all, it's not a French restaurant, rather the chef is French.
They describe themselves as a "casual American bistro."
Several of us went and had a great meal!
We shared appetizers: crab cakes, calamari, salmon sushi (special that day), and sweet potato fries.
They all were great (although the fries could have been crispier for me).
We all enjoyed our entrees.
I had the risotto with shrimp and asparagus and found it delicious.
We shared a couple of decadent desserts (made fresh and change daily).
We enjoyed the brownie with apricot pieces and a gelato with chocolate crunchies.

Great ambiance.
Food was very fresh tasting, and all the sandwiches I've had so far are delicious.
You won't regret trying this place.
Looking forward to trying the dinner menu here.

They open 7am to 9pm today came and had breakfast at 745...
Such a beautiful Labor Day I decided to come have breakfast before heading to red rock... And I wasn't disappointed...
Such a lovely cafe in Summerlin... Coffee was great staff very pleasant and welcoming bonini and ham egg quiche was amazing will definitely be coming back

Really good food IF you stay and get past the way they do NOT greet you!
It's not France--you need to have good customer service!!!
ONLY because my husband is Belgian, we stayed, he's used to bad service.
It's NOT clear when you walk in what to do--sit?
Menus?
Ordering at front and having 3-4 empty/half assed stares by too many people is a Mc Donald's concept,  and uncomfortable.
Especially the blond running the register.
Put her somewhere else, NOT front!
Drip coffee overpriced then $.75 refill?
Mon Dieu!
Again, very good, get your customer service/set up straightened out.
Bonne Chance!!
!

Hidden lunch spot.
This is the perfect lunch setting including indoor outdoor seating.
Customers order at the counter, and items are brought to the table.
The food is healthy including vegan and gluten free options, but it actually tastes delicious.
The prices are fair and portions generous.
We will definitely be back.

Very disappointed.
Staff needs a better education on what they're serving so they can recommend properly.
I'm all for healthy but it has to taste good too.
Sweet potato fries were very good but served cold.
I cannot recommend this as a lunch spot.

Very cute inside and has potential but unfortunately the salad I ordered was not very fresh and had sliced apples on it and the sticker was still on the fruit!!
Ahh that's a big no no for me .... Prolly won't be returning:(

<SUMMARIES>
The chef here is French and works to make a tasty fusion of French and casual American food.
The staff can be a little bit inattentive, but that isn't too much of a problem since the food is very good.
The decor around the restaurant is very nice and inviting though.
I highly recommend checking them out the next time that you are in the mood for some lunch.

