Went on a Sunday and the experience was flawless.
Laid back atmosphere, James Taylor-like live music, and the pulled pork sandwich tasted akin to Blue Ridge Pig BBQ from back East AKA best bbq on the planet earth.
The service was friendly and fast.
Definitely going back.

My bf and I came here one evening to enjoy the Boom56 gathering and I must say, I really really enjoyed this low key gem!!
The spicy cilantro wings BANG!!!
Lol...looved them.
We sat on the patio and it was cool to people watch all the local neighborhood folk.
The DJ played lots of house music which gets me going!!
Cant wait to go back in 2 weeks for the next Boom56 set :)

You might really like the squishy, comfortably wide, white barstools at Kitchen 56.
I do.
The bar straddles the patio and the restaurant, which is good for people watching, too.
Although, you might be distracted by some kitchen traffic.
I never find myself saying "let's go for dinner," but definitely, "let's meet there."
Other restaurants - the Grind is nearby - have menus to brag about.
But Kitchen 56 has an open feel, with appreciable curiosities on the walls, and the service has been uniformly engaging.

The food is very sub par at this place and the owners and staff are incredibly rude.
I've tried this place out a couple times but when I ended up getting flies in my pizza that was a no go for me.
The bartenders drink on the job and it just seems way to pricey for the type of food and service that you get out of this place.

Kitchen 56 is a great place to stop in during lunch or happy hour.
We've had virtually every thing on the menu and the food is always great.
They have a fantastic outdoor seating area and will periodically host live music.
The restaurant also has a wonderful history.
Their downsides are that they redid the menu last year and a lot of our favorites are no longer there, service has been lacking a little lately and they raised their prices (they would've had more stars if it weren't for these things).
I guess restaurants think this is something they should automatically do when they are in the Arcadia area.

Probably the 90th time I've been here, but I can't say enough good things about it.
This time I just stopped in for a beer, and had a wonderful conversation with Jess, the bartender.
She recommended a great beer, and I was once again reminded why I love this place.
Just a great place with great food and drinks, and super friendly people.

Food Ok. Subpar service.
Found out later that the 'waiter' was the General Manager.
Waited over half.
An hr for the food, and even later for the check.
I. hope this guy doesn't try to cook.
He would just drop stuff and leave, like a fly landing on the table, then taking off before you could swat it.
He never offered us drinks, and WE had to ask for a desert menus.
This place got a lot of hype on check please Arizona, which wasn't earned based on our experience.

Very limited menu, but the service and food are both good.
I just wish there were more options.
I was cornered into a salad, which was great, but the bowls are weird and make it hard not to get your lettuce all over your table.

<SUMMARIES>
Not the best food in the world, but not the worst either.
The atmosphere here is really nice and it's fun.
The outdoor seating area is nice too and comfortable.
Menu could be bigger, it's a bit limited but again, it's the people and atmosphere here that makes it a nice place to visit.

