A great little shop for a quick snack and some booze.
Its been forever since I've eaten the food hear though, so don't quote me on that.
My more recent experiences have all been beer or wine related.
Oh yeah, Roberto is quite a friendly guy!

Good healthy and fresh sandwiches.
The place is not cheap for a sandwich but be sure of what you want but the food is good.

Best breakfast sandwich is the Laurel Market with goat cheese, eggs, bacon and your choice of homemade bread from Nova.
Yum!

Love love love their sandwiches.
They're quick and convenient, and they offer many vegetarian friendly options.
The only bad thing is that it can be difficult to choose which sandwich to go with.
I haven't tried the breakfast sandwiches yet but hope to do so soon.
Note that there are no tables.
This is a place to grab a quick meal, snack or drink to go.

Lots of very interesting sandwich and wrap options.
Probably the most interesting and unique sandwiches and wraps ive ever had in one place to be honest.
Definitely take time to read the menu.
I have never even thought of a lot of the toppings they chose to put on their sandwiches.
And they are all good.
I've tried most

LOVE everything about this place - the employees, the sandwiches, the tid bit selection, the snacks and drinks!
What I don't love is their use of styrofoam coffee cups.
They are busy enough to spend a bit more on greener cups.
C'mon guys invest into your community and environment.

Great market for neat wine, snacks, and lunch!
Beautiful salads with perfect avocados and fresh ingrediants.
I recommend the chicken torta: black beans, chicken, avocado, cheese, tomato, on a bolillo roll.
Yum, yum, yum!

I don't know of a better place in Charlotte to get a sandwich or a wrap.
This one for me is an A+.
I've recently introduced (hooked) about 10 people at work onto Laurel Market.
It's at least a 45 minute round trip for us to go for lunch (takeout) but it's worth the time/gas!
So far, my favorite and the crowd favorite is the #4.
Most of us get it on a Spinach or Tomato Basil wrap.
It's incredible!
Turkey/Pepperjack/LTO/Bacon/Chipotle spread... unbeatable.

<SUMMARIES>
If you are looking for a fresh and friendly place to get a sandwich you should check out this shop.
They have some of the best service, and always serve up great fresh entrees.
There is always something on the menu for everyone to enjoy.
Next time you're in the mood for a sandwich give this shop a try!

