I've been here before when I've been treated bad or with a bad attitude.
But today there was a cashier and she was alone in the whole store but she really made it work!
And she was so nice to the kid I had with me.
She really made this place so much better then I've ever seen it be.
She should be a role model for everyone else who is working at this place!

Great food and smoothies but horrible service.
This place is always way understaffed.
Young kids working here and always arguing in front of customers and the wait time is really long.

I want to give this place a good review, but its so tough when they are continually understaffed.
I've never been here once when it took less than 3 minutes to get my order put in.
It usually takes another 5-10 minutes to get a smoothie and half a sandwich too.
If they could get this down to 3-4 minutes for a full order they would be 5-stars for sure.

I really like Tropical Smoothies establishments.
However, this store is inefficient and dirty.
No sense ordering ahead as your order isn't prepared till you arrive.
Owners need to hire at least two people and teach them how to keep the place clean.

Oh, I should have looked at the ratings before I ordered from this location.
Shocker that it's so low.
Not!
Ordered a chicken salad sandwich toasted, baked lays chips and a smoothie.
Got a salad and a smoothie.
This was ordered on UberEATS as I'm working from home today, so paid 4.99 for delivery.
Horrible!
They don't answer their phone, so I can't even let them know.

Great smoothies, crappy service.
Miss Rosemarie, the heavyset brunette, should NOT be on the register.
Girlfriend is a little too gruff w/ customers & has attitude.
A little smile & a thank you would've been great.
Not a good representation of the store.

I have been here before.
Never so dissatisfied.
My smoothie tastes like blended ice absolutely zero flavor.
I was unable to order 3 different choices as they didn't have the ingredients.
I finally settled on my 4th choice and the chicken was all fat.
Staff was friendly and apologetic , So not their fault

Stopped by after volleyball practice on a 95 degree evening to find one employee working.
While it wasn't super busy, the poor lady was working her tail off to finish making orders so she could ring in new orders.. Poor thing was alone to run the show and she said she would be for the next hour n half.
She was kind and friendly and still managed to do it all.
Yeah, service was slow but I couldn't complain because she was working hard.
She deserves a 5 star but this review will reflect that no smoothie place should have one employee like that and let alone not on a 95 degree May evening.

<SUMMARIES>
The smoothies here are great, the other food is hit or miss.
They always seem to  be understaffed, which causes stress and tension between the staff themselves as well as between the staff and customers.
There are times when it's busy but there's only one staff member.
Because they are understaffed wait times are often unacceptable and the overall experience is not great.

