Who would think that one would walk into a restaurant and think maybe one can get something to eat.
Not here.
Extremely rude person just barked at us for walking in the door.
Rudely said we don't have any table for you and walked away.
Rudest experience ever.
Will never go there.
Will be calling manager tomorrow.

A group of us came here for brunch.
it took a while so we waited down stairs in what looked to be a bar??
when it was time to eat we were starving so....we ordered a lot.
I give it 3 because 4/8 items ordered were ok. nothing great or memorable.
the beignet were the biggest let down, these are suppose to be their "thing".

My wife and I had a fantastic Saturday brunch at E2, starting with friendly prompt service with immediate coffee from the hostess.
We had the berry white donuts which were warm, sweet, and delicious, and the chorizo and chickpea gravy over a homemade biscuit, which was savory and incredibly tasty.
The atmosphere is cozy and friendly.
We can not wait to return and try other dishes.

The donuts.
The beignets.
That's the reason why you should brunch at E2.
My favorite is the chocolate pistachio.
The doughnut was light and fluffy with the right amount of sauce to cover it.
Be sure to bring cash since brunch is cash-only.
You won't regret waiting for those steaming, delicious doughnuts!

This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
They have very unique tastes and dishes.
The wait staff is also very friendly.
Their beignets are not my favorite though.
However, I highly suggest trying their specials as well as their zeppollis.
You have to get there really early or after the brunch rush though because there's usually a decent wait.

Very good brunch, especially the donuts!
"Lavender Lemon" donuts!
I had also gotten their "Kale and White bean hash."
It was pretty good.
Ambiance is nice, very quaint.
The restaurant is much, much smaller than I had expected, so if you go at a busy time, expect to wait!
Wait staff was super pleasant.

I usually love this place.
But they did a really uncool thing that made me pretty mad.
They turned us away from brunch even though there were open tables and an hour and a half before closing.
Then the went ahead and seated a couple they were obviously friends with who got in right after us.
Amazingly irritating.
May be a long time until I return.

I like this place.
The food was good and is ever changing.
I guess that could be a good thing or a bad thing.
I had banana bread pudding it was good, quite sweet.
My girl had poached eggs with roasted tomatoes.
She said it was "very savory and flavors well together" ha ha.
We will be back to try more of the menu.
Nice addition to the neighborhood.

<SUMMARIES>
This place offers some nice brunch.
I really enjoyed the brunch here, but I gotta say, sometimes when I go here the service can be a bit off.
The donuts are deliciousness too, if that's you're thing.
Overall I think it's a cool place and I enjoyed it here.

