I had a layover at a hotel on the strip last night, and was craving salad, so I to plan uber (about $6) out here for a fantastic dinner.
I had the Manager's Special with half a turkey wrap, a bowl of veggie soup, and a trip to the salad bar.
At around $10 it's by far the best deal on the menu.
Service was attentive, and everything on the salad bar was well stocked, even during the busy dinner hour.
The next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely be back!

Excellent fresh fare at the salad bar.
Probably my most bitter salad -  mixed dark greens and spinach with Bleu Cheese crumbles and dressing, plus some Kalamita olives - all balanced by the 1/2 sweet tea 1/2 black currant tea.

best deli ever...... where do I begin?
freshest salad bar, freshest sandwiches....
today I had the chicken pot pie soup.... tastes homemade.........last week I had the 
tomato soup delicious!!
if you are looking for the best place to have lunch this is it 
also Molly the Manager is super sweet , she s always making sure everyones food is 
100 % yummy!!
thank you Molly :)

I come to this restaurant every time I'm in Las Vegas.
The sandwiches are tasty and made to order.
The baked potatoes are soft and fluffy.
As a previous reviewer stated, the food is consistent (which in this case, is great, because the food is REALLY good).

I love sandwiches from deli style places.
Soup is great as well.
I recently tried the muffaleta and a pastrami and turkey sandwich and was delicious.
Definetely going to go back and try something new.
I went for lunch on a weekday and from the crowd inside had to be good food.
I was not disappointed.

If you are looking for something healthy, here is the place!
i always get the Cantina wrap and tomato basil they are the best!
They also have a salad bar available.
Did I mention that they also have soft serve ice cream?
:)

Friendly delivery drivers delivering consistently perfect orders of terribly good food..

I love soups and sandwiches (especially when they're fresh) and I LOVE this place!
Great really large baked potatoes.
Workers are willing to walk you through having your sandwiches made with their fresh ingredients.
I always have left overs here.
I crave their food and love that the rumor is they're going to open another one closer to NW Vegas.
Casual place that is a sure hit.

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is always very fairly priced and always comes out well made.
If you want to get a good deal on a wrap or sandwich on the strip in Las Vegas this is the place you should go.
The staff is also always very friendly and willing to give you a recommendation if you can't figure out what you want.
The management also comes around and makes sure that everything came out perfect, a great place to grab a bite to eat!

