Why did I go here?!!
Oh right, I was lured by all those yelp stars and didn't take time to look at pics or read the reviews.
The brisket was not tender and juicy, I had to work to tear into it with my teeth.
Ribs were ok, I prefer it to be more easily detachable from the bone.
Mac n cheese was very very meh, I'd rather eat boxed Kraft.
Collard greens were good.

Love this place!
the food was sooo good!
especially the all you can eat fish fry on Fridays!

I am so disappointed in this place.
I have ordered from here many, many times and have had nothing but great service.
Food was really good, on-time, etc.
Tonight, I ordered and after 2 hours of waiting found out the Grubhub driver has been sitting there waiting for 90 minutes and continually being told "it's coming..." 90 MINUTES!!!
I called directly and spoke to the manager who had nothing to say other than "what do you want me to do?"
I'm going to stop typing right now because I am incredibly disgusted and angry and don't want to write anything ugly.
To Stacy's management directly... please get it together, you have a great product but bad service always outweighs good product.

The service was very friendly & inviting.
We were greeted upon entering and sat ourselves.
My friend & I both ordered 2 meat combo plates with mac & cheese as the side.
The brisket, hot links and ribs were delicious and the sauce was excellent.
Only reason for four star rating is because the mac and cheese was a bit plain & they were out of collard greens.
A good amount of food, I even had left overs.

Best BBQ in Arizona they actually smoke there meat not like all these other places you cant boil meat and call it BBQ.The food is amazing the staff is great!!!
Great food Great people

My husband and I have been to this place two weekends in a row.
Not only for the amazing food but the customer service is great.
Michelle is a breath of fresh air.
Her upbeat attitude and contagious smile is very pleasant.
She is the definition of great customer service.
We've tried every meat that is on the menu and have not been unsatisfied.
Highly recommend the pampered pig sandwich.
It offers all the meats placed perfectly on a toasted bun with a side of barbecue sauce and is very fulfilling.
We will continue to visit this establishment for the good food and great customer service.
Five stars for sure!

I ordered food from them through Grub hub and the food came hot and on time.
But they brought me a 3 piece chicken dinner when I order the fish dinner.
I called Grub hub who stated the restaurant was sorry and they will credit me back 15.45 to my debit card I have never received that credit yet.
To top it off my daughter wanted the Brisket combo we opened the box to Burned bun and all fatty brisket meat and a soggy burned bottom bun.
I never received any refund from that.
But Stacy's pampered pig..
I will be reporting you to the BBB for shady business.
Plus people the Macaroni and cheese was nasty.....

Really just nothing nice to say here.
I paid for my meal and left it there- no input from me could ever fix all the misses here.

<SUMMARIES>
Really tasty BBQ food here.
Service was excellent and food comes out hot and cooked.
No waiting around, other than waiting for the food that is.
Food amount is pretty big so there were leftovers for next time, which is awesome.
They have some promotions like all you can eat Fridays, with certain foods.
They also deliver so that is useful if you need it.
Really authentic BBQ right here.

