I went last night and I have to give it 5 stars because everything was perfect!
The service was phenomenal and the food was amazing!
I couldn't have asked for a better experience.

Found a sushi place close by to the hotel I stay at.
Drinks were great and sashimi was amazing.
So fresh.
Just wish I knew what each fish was!

Keep driving.
Perhaps hibachi is good.
Ordered three items from the non-hibachi menu.
Ebi shumai (shrimp) were small and bland.
Hamachi jalapeño had no zip or spice, and worst of all, calamari tempura was barely warm and tough.
Sent it back, came back quickly and it was hot and tough.
The batter was not delicate, lacked taste, and was clearly cooked previously and heated up.
Mikuni's in Sacramento   area (several) is the best, and I had hoped this would be a similar experience.
Disappointed and not planning to return.
Wait person was prompt, friendly, and apologetic.

Fun atmosphere.
Huge hibachi area as well as regular dining section as well.
I tried both the spicy tuna maki roll and the salmon hibachi dinner.
On tuesdays from 5-7 pm the maki rolls are half off.
The hibachi dinner includes onion soup, ginger salad, 3 shrimp, rice and noodles.
I enjoyed the entire meal.
It's not the best hibachi meal I've ever had but it did not disappoint me and its a fun dining experience.
This place is ideal for groups or second dates.

Service was fast, food was decent.
Prices were fair.
Staff was nice.
Scenery was cool.
I'd go back.
Not the beat sushi I've had but not bad.

The best meal I have had in weeks.
Service was perfect.
Sushi was great.
Meal was great.
Restaurant was clean and comfortable.
Short wait time.
Drink had the perfect favor server was attentive and fast and was about to answer all of questions and was very personable.
I rarely give 5 stars but they surely deserve it.
I will be returning with a group for sure.

Service was terrible.
Was told 20 minutes in reality it was over an hour with no explanation.
They Seemed to be focused too much on theatrics and not quality food and service.

Very good food, atmosphere and service.
I recommend the calamari as an appetizer and the Angry Dragon as a main course.
The drinks are good.
I had a Long Island ice tea and it was very good.
I give this place my highest recommendation.
For 3 of us it came to $130.
Not bad for what we had.

<SUMMARIES>
I went here the other day and everything was absolutely perfect.
It has everything you could want from a sushi restaurant.
They have a very attentive staff that was quick to handle my requests and those of my party.
I loved the fresh quality of everything and I will for sure be back next time I am in the area.

