Generic ramen.
Decent service.
Back maybe seven ten years ago they were one of the only options around and was good.
Nowadays there are better options in the city.

Great, authentic ramen and atmosphere.
Very flavourful and satisfying.
Also excellent donburi.
When they opened.
Unfortunately, over the past few months it feels as though their success has lead to a drop in quality of the food.
In addition to this, one of my favourite comfort foods is no longer on the menu - donburi.
Will definitely check in from time to time as even on a bad day they're still one of the better options in the area.

This used to be the only ramen place on Dundas and now it has been usurped by much better ramen joints.
Granted, Kenzo showed up first and has retained it's laid back feel while some of the newer ramen restos are crowded and too cool for school.
The noodles at Kenzo are the eggy kind that I dislike.
The soup in the tonkotsu ramen is milky like the way it should be.
The takoyaki balls are pretty good but they (gasp) have gotten smaller!
Sansotei down the street on the opposite side closer to University Ave is far better tasting and better priced.
Go there instead...

Really bad experiences gained today about the horrible services.
It was my friend's birthday.
The waiter told us there is no table for 8 ppl after we have waited outside for 15-20 mins.
It's ok if there has no big table for big group, but waiter should tell us in the beginning instead of told us to wait.
Wtf???
Really upset, never visit again.

Raman soup base doesn't taste good.
It's the soul of the Raman, when it's not good the whole Raman is ruined.
Have to come here because the other Raman place down the street has a long lineup.

Food was so so but service was suck.
Only three table was taken, waiters were sitting behind and chatting.
I raised and waved my hand several times and nobody notice.
Finally the bill came out with 17% gratuity....They even didn't ask how much tips you like to pay, they just sum up with 17% gratuity.
Who wants to pay 17% for that kind of service?
Be careful....so not Japanese

I was there before for they open the store because my greyhound bus arrived early...when they open the door, I immediately ordered the house ramen.
To my surprise, it came warm instead of hot, little slices of meat with my noodle soup.
And my soup was just too salty so I asked for a cup of tea..but it was a tea bag tea with charge.
I was very disappointed in their service.
The waitress was busy talking to the guy cook instead of coming to check on my table.
I had to walk to her to remind her that I was ready to pay the bill!!
Ridiculous!

I work about a block away and I always look forward to trying out new places
that are around me, which are numerous.
I've tried most of the places on
this strip and I think Kenzo really stands out.
Excellent soup and great gyoza!!
This place makes some amazing Ramen
and I love going there for lunch time and time again.
I usually get the Netsu-Ramen (Pork & Egg noodle) and I'll say that I probably
could eat this dish every day.
Great service, and
prices, I just wish the place was a little bigger.

<SUMMARIES>
This restaurant is a good place to check out if you want some ramen.
The restaurant has a very authentic Japanese ramen shop feel to it.
Some of the service isn't the best, but the food at least always comes out good with fresh noodles.
It's definitely worth giving them a shot if you want some ramen quick.

