Amazing array of flavors!
I'm a tea lover so I went with the Gunpowder + the green tea waffle cone!
Oh yum.
I sampled almost every flavor while I was there but the subtlety of the green tea did it for me.
Who ever comes up with these flavors must be a chef with an urban artistic flare that's not afraid to be bold and daring!
I love it.
The churro is a must too!
Fabulous ambience, delectable treats .
.
.
I'll be back indefinitely.

I can't add much to the other reviews, but I will say:
The owner is super-friendly
The shop is welcoming, to both adults and kids
The gelato is delicious
The flavors are adventurous (chocolate jalapeno, strawberry toasted fennel, irish whiskey cornbread milk, and apple ginger were just a couple we tried when we visited)
Wish it was closer to my house!

Hands down one of the best gelato spots I have been to in Las Vegas.
Their Coco chili gelato is beyond amazing it definitely has the perfect kick to it.
I recommend this to all the chocolate lovers (:

"Aren't you missing the point?"
you might ask, as I order a scoop of 70% malt chocolate gelato from Art of Flavors, the artisan small-batch gelato shop just north of the Stratosphere.
"Why not get lemon curd?
Why not get espresso?
Why not get balsamic and gorgonzola?
Why not get corn bread and Irish whiskey butter?
Why?
Why?
Why?"
I'll tell you why.
Because when it comes to dark chocolate, this is the perfect delivery system.
You couldn't get higher off of a chocolate rush if you injected it.
*

*Do not inject gelato.
Even when it's this good.

This artisan style shop makes craft cocktails in the form gelato.
The genius 'mixologists' regularly introduce new flavors inspired by local ingredients.
A perfect treat to enjoy while exploring the strip and downtown on a Las Vegas summer day.

I really like this place!
I like how you can try as many flavors as you want until you get to that one you want to commit to.
I had passion fruit which was delish!
If you can get over the sketchy location then you won't be disappointed!

The flavors are amazing and the owner let me and my family try all of them.
The price was great 3 med and one cone with a scoop for $19.00.
We all got 2 flavors in each med size cup so we can have more of what we tried.

Staff was really friendly and the ice cream was delicious.
I loved having the choice of unusual flavors that you wouldn't find in a normal ice cream store.
And the churros were incredible!
Made fresh to order!

<SUMMARIES>
When I think gelato, I think of this place!
so many delicious options and flavors!
The uniqueness is wat makes it the best.
You have flavors like Coco Chilli and strawberry toasted fennel.
Where else can you find something like that?
The service is amazing and the staff is very friendly.
I recommend this place if you are looking for a friendly atmosphere and a sweet treat.

