Flavors were great but the jerk chicken wings were very dry.
That is why I did not give it four stars.

Me and my husband love Jamaican food and this place was just recently recommended to us so we decided to try it.
We had the jerk chicken (of course!)
which was delicious  beef patty the best in Las Vegas and oxtail which didn't disappoint food was absolutely what I was expecting good!
So why a 3 stars well because their customer service needs a lot of improvement and that makes me sad because a place with good food like paradise place needed good service to keep people coming back.
Now that I know their food is good I might stop and pick something up but not in the near future.

OMG YASS so good i had the oxtails and rum cake 
Really tasty and so tender the rice and beans cooked perfect  i cant wait to try some more dishes  yum yum ill b back again forsure !
!

First time trying jamaican food i recommend this this place to all my friends and family so tasty will definitely be back!

This place is amazing!!!
I drove from the east side to the west side for it.
The woman who took our order was very friendly.
Great atmosphere and absolutely delicious plates.
I ordered the ox tail!

Purchased a Groupon there a little while ago.
When we went the server said he needs to make sure if they have met there Groupon quota for the day, when we went it was about 4pm.
Highly unprofessional.
He didn't want to accept the Groupon and was explaining to us that it didn't make sense for him to have Groupon since it really wasn't a profit.
Attitude was really nasty.
Walked out and left, for a refund from Groupon.

This place was nothing short of just being incredible!
From the minute we walked in - the smell was wonderful and The food smelled so delicious and it tasted even better!
I got the Jamaican jerk chicken- my better half got the oxtail and of course wrote dinner we got chicken and beef patties!!!
Not to mention we got a bomb rum cake!!!
Overall everyone was so nice and sweet- we will definitely be back!

No flavor, too expensive, and the beef patties was terrible too spicy with barely any meat in them.
You are very welcome Paradise Place for the review.
I will not be returning.
No thank you!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
I was in the mood for Jamaican food and stopped by.
They definitely provided a delicious meal.
The jerk chicken was to die for.
It was filled with that spicy flavor I love.
The only thing I could complain about was the service.
The staff seemed rude and uncaring.
I wish they were as pleasant as the food.

