Been here a few times, I try not to hang out in Avondale for "fun" if I can avoid it...but since Majerle's is close, this is a decent option.
However, I will never again order a bowl of fresh fruit for $5 because it is just NOT worth it.
The dish was tiny, there was hardly any variety (or fruit, for that matter), and the pineapple was absolutely tasteless.
I've never had worse pineapple in my life, TBH.
But as far as drinks go, my beers were reliable and inexpensive.
:)  And apparently my husband's tacos were very, very good.
Service was good, as well.

Ambiance is a bit sterile and simple.
Service was excellent however and there was a good view of all the TVs regardless of where you sat.
The pizza exceeded my expectations so overall not a bad casual hangout.

Great service, clean restaurant and great menu selection!
WINGS WERE AWESOME!
We had the Sriracha Honey limited wings but the "gorilla" ones and they were perfectly crispy!
Burgers lacked salt but you can just add your own!

We came in to watch some March Madness games.
The hostesses aren't the smartest bunch of girls in the world, ya know the type that's watching a basketball game and screams "touchdown".
The food was OK, it wasn't so bland that I wouldn't be back but not great enough that I'm making sure we make time to stop in again.

This is my favorite Majerle's!
I haven't been to the one in Scottsdale yet but I haven't been disappointed with Marjele's.
Marjele's in Goodyear is bigger than the one downtown but you can expect the same quality: good food, good drinks, great TVs, and great times!

Tried Majerle's for the first time while in town for Spring Training and the food was great!
My sister and I both and had burgers and were surprised by how large they were.
The burger was excellent but the sweet bun really put it over the top.
I would've given Majerle's only 4 stars but we had such excellent service.
Much love to Janie.
She was amazing and didn't even mind that we were both dressed in Oakland A's jerseys, lol.
Sweet, attentive, and awesome.
Did I mention cute?
She's cute.
Thanks for the great service.

This is a very average sports bar.
Strawberry chicken salad was tasty, but chicken was tough and over cooked and mixed greens had way too many browning pieces of lettuce.
The candied pecans were delicious, though.
Sliders meat to bun ratio wasn't good.
Too much bread.
Although they grill the buns in butter to try to make up for it.
Thumbs up on the potato skins.
Service was reaaaaaaaaally slow, even though they weren't that busy.

While my boyfriend is in town for Nascar , he and his team stay down the street at a hotel near this bar and grill.
Looking for nightlife options midweek this is what we found.
Not bad!
We sat at the bar.
I ordered my famous snakebite... and yeah.. they had to ask, but they did it and it came out very well.
Had to have two since they opened two ciders and two guinness to make the drink.
Good music.. some nights there is karaoke.
The staff is super friendly and accommodating.
The quesadilla on the appetizer menu is shareable and became a craveable favorite of my boyfriend and myself.
Good bar!

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is great, and is a good value for your money.
Their menu is also a bit simple featuring mostly burgers, wings, and pizza.
That isn't a bad thing though as they have worked to perfect the items that they do offer.
The next time you're looking to watch a game and get some food and drinks you should definitely check them out.

