Horrible customer service and food is very bland .
Steer clear of the egg salad it tastes like food you would get at a old folks retirement center.
I'm almost certain they are here to
Cater to the senior community they are afraid of salt.
The sandwich I had tasted nothing like the description.
I was trying to be nice but I might want to add my sandwhich was also soggy when it arrived.
They did nothing to fix it and offered to correct it the next time why would I order again if they mess up so bad the first time

The sandwiches are to die for, the prices are great and the staff are super friendly.
From pastrami to corned beef to prime rib sandwiches and tasty wraps, to fresh salads and healthy smoothies, to mouth-watering cheesecake and other delectable desserts, you'll want to keep coming back to try something new.
They only use the best ingredients between their freshly baked breads.
You can choose from Ciabatta, Pumpernickel, Italian, Sourdough, white, wheat and many more.

I do not know what an authentic Brooklyn deli is like but this place has some good fresh food and nice employee's.
I always get the Country Dijon egg salad and I am never disappointed.
I have had others, the turkey and a salad which both tasted great.
I have never had a complaint about the food, every time the it tastes great.
The price is higher than Subway or Port-o-subs, but I can get my egg salad for less than $7 and I think it's great!
The do enjoy eating there because its quiet and relaxing.
This place I visit at least once a week!

Great lunch specials!
Good food and friendly staff!
Give them a try.
I had tuna salad with coleslaw and a pickle, I will return.
Everything was very good.
Place is clean too.

Just had Lunch here today.
The Corned Beef here is really good.
Give it a try.
The customer service is great as well.

So one day we're waiting on a prescription and absolutely ravenous.
We avoided all of the chains and stumbled on Heidi's while turning around in their parking lot.
The place was VERY clean.
The owners(?)
were there, and very friendly.
My husband got a BLT and it was pretty good.
I got the 'Awesome Salad' and it was anything but awesome.
Chopped iceburg, DICED tomatoes, slices of mozzarella and what has GOT to be pre-packed quacamole (it tasted like rotten eggs) - all jammed into a clear plastic to-go container.
I've never been so angry about a salad.

As usual, excellent food and great service.
Tried a smoothie this time and it was delicious.
Sammiches are amazing.

Since it's just become typical everywhere here in the valley, I quit complaining about prices here in town yrs ago- but if I hadn't.....  this is a very ordinary place selling pretty much very ordinary food.
Their cajun turkey's probably the exception, it stands out.

<SUMMARIES>
Food could sometimes use a bit more seasoning, though they have some great options available.
If you get a sandwich you get to choose from a variety of freshly made breads.
They also offer smoothies, salads , and various desserts.
This place is nice and clean and the staff are generally friendly.

