Love this place!!
I work down the street & come here about 8 times of month.
Their curries are the best & the  Teriyaki Salmon is at the top of my food list!
The customer service is amazing and the restaurant's cleanliness is immaculate.
Sin City Thai has a customer forever

One of my favorite places to eat and most definitely the best Thai food I have found in Las Vegas.
For people who don't like spicy food, take their spice chart seriously.
I love that they have real spice with their food.
I haven't been able to find anything like it anywhere else.

Excellent beef salad!!
Ordered level 3 for Tom Yum and was very spicy.
Too spicy for me, but great flavor otherwise.

I order delivery from here quite often to my office at work.
The staff is always friendly over the phone, the food doesn't take to long to get to me, and the delivery driver is always super friendly.
I feel the prices are reasonable as well.
I always get chicken pad thai with a side of white rice.
I am not disappointed by it, it certainly kills my pad thai cravings, but its not my absolute favorite pad thai.
Their excellent customer service here (that I have experienced anyway) certainly makes up for that.
And for that reason, is why I keep going back.
See you soon Sin City Thai Restaurant!

Green curry and pad Thai were both fantastic.
The flavors were full and well layered.
Not much for ambiance, but the flavors more Tha.
Make up for it!

Normally this is a place to go during lunchtime because it's close enough to my wife's work.
Today we went and literally sat there for a long time and still weren't greeted or asked if we wanted any drinks.
Wow horrible, so we left.
The other times we were served quickly.
Now this just gave me bad vibes about this place and do not want to go.

Great foods and very friendly environment.
And clean restaurant too.
And they lunch special bery good too

I was just passing by and saw the sign.
Stopped in on my lunch break.
It was sooo good!
I had Chicken Tom Kha soup and Yellow Curry chicken.
I asked for mild because I don't like much spice.
It was perfect.
Hot enough to make me sweat but not too hot to eat.
I will definitely be coming back for more lunch breaks!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is is great if you have a craving for spicy food.
Their curry is to die for!
The Tom Yum is so spicy that it will take your breath away.
They have non spicy options as well, such as the many salad choices.
If you get confused and don't know how spicy something is, follow the spice chart on the menu, so you can get something you can tolerate.
This is a really nice Thai place.

