I am a pizza snob, and Pizza Forte is fantastic!
I ate here 3 times yesterday.
Highly recommend the pesto chicken pizza and the classic cheese and pepperoni.

This was located in the hard rock hotel.
The food was fresh and delicious!
The slice was huge!!!
The place was a little small but we'll put together for the size.
The employees were not unfriendly they just were not overly friendly.
Overall I would come back

Wow, I haven't tasted a pie like that since I lived in Brooklyn.
Hats off .
When I come back to Vegas I defiantly stop here again for Pizza.

The pizza here is AMAZING, Rosie took incredible care of me while I was there and she kept me laughing the whole time!
Highly recommend!!
!

Amazing New York style pizza!
I wish I had one closer to my neighborhood, but I will definitely go out of my way to eat here because this place serves one of my favorite pizzas in Vegas.
The staff is super friendly too!
Great service and atmosphere.
Love their veal hot dogs as well.
Can't wait to eat here again.

Pizza here is actually really good!
If your at the Hardrock and just want a slice of pizza then stop here and get one.
They have about 4 kinds that they will heat up when you order it.
Also can order a whole pizza.
They even have sausages and salads.
Yum making me want a slice!

Nice little place to stop in for a quick bite or to grab something to go.
They serve more than just pizza but since Pizza Forte is the name had to have pizza.
My husband & I ordered 1 thin New York slice & 1 thick Roman slice to go.
Literally the slices were so big they filled up most of the pizza box.
Definitely worth the price ($10 for both)!
Plus both were really good.
Great addition to the Hard Rock.

I love pizza here, thin crust and heavy on the toping, I love the one that is like Hawaiian with jalapeño, every time we came here at Hardrock, I gotta have it.

<SUMMARIES>
This is some of the best New York style pizza I have ever had!
They give you the gigantic slices, so you get a lot for what you pay.
The staff is very courteous and helpful.
This is the new spot!

