Great place with many TVs to want the games.
Friendly staff and good happy hour menu.
Food and drink come quickly.

Clean, hot food, solid service.
Went in not expecting much and loved how many tv's were on different events.

We went with a large group for lunch and the service was great.
Friendly and totally cool about having separate checks.
The food is decent too.
I wouldn't say I'm a fan but it's better than OK. :)

Check out their daily specials too!

I went to this place for late night food so there was not a whole lot of choice that I knew of.
The food was your typical bar food.
It was nothing spectacular but I would go back if I had to for some food.
One thing that was funny...my buddy tried to order Negro Modelo since there were signs advertising this beer and it was no longer available.

My only experience at Gallagher's was similar to the one described below by Glenn G.  Went there with a large group from work and found the service to be excellent.
Everyone enjoyed the food.
Rarely do you have a large party (we had about 10) and request separate checks without getting attitude; but here they were happy to do so.
Based on this visit I would recommend Gallagher's.

Very disappointed today.
Stopped in for some wings and drinks.
Apparently management decided to send some staff home for lack of traffic.
Unfortunately there were not enough staff to take care of the customers that did show up.
After waiting far too long, had to go to the bar multiple times to order and deliver our own drinks.
This was a problem a year ago and it seemed management got the message and service became very good.
Don't know if this is going to continue but it does will be returning very often.

Gallaghers is like most sports bars, bar food and beer!
This is the type of place you come to hang out after work.
Lots of regulars.
Food is good for a sports bar, better than chain restaurants for sure!

High priced DOG food.
The boneless chicken wings were barely edible and made my stomach gargle for hours.
This was the first time in a long time that I was actually concerned about getting violently ill.
The bartender was terrible to say the least.
Perhaps working New Years day was too much for her.
Gallagher's is a sad establishment; with better management and improvements to food quality it could easily become better than Applebees.
Management: Stop offering discount wings during happy hour, your staff gets rude to people who order them because they believe they aren't going to get a descent tip, your not helping yourself.

<SUMMARIES>
Can't expect anything super amazing from a place like this.
It's a sports bar, there are lots of TVs to watch the games and sports, and pretty good food and drinks.
Not the best in the world obviously but you're not going to a sports bar for just the food.
Kinda long wait though for the food.

