Love sitting outdoors here in the summer.
Good food.
A little pricey but it may be worth it.
They also make GREAT drinks.

I love sushi, and maybe I'm a little bit of a snob about it living in California for 11 years.
But I just can't get down with this place after trying it a couple times.
The sushi is cut very thickly and has a very bland taste.
Which I guess is better than a fishy taste, but it's just not good on the palate.
Maybe it's the distance the fish has to travel.
But I've been to a couple other sushi places in Ohio and they were a lot better.
It's probably in part the sushi chef's knife skills.
It seems like it's trying hard to be cool.
It misses the mark for me.

In town for a business meeting and wanted sushi.
A quick walk from the hotel.
It was a quite Thursday night so I practically had the place to myself.
The choices were plenty and when I asked if they could make a Christmas Tree roll, the chef did not hesitate.
It was very good.
I enjoyed the Rainbow roll also.
The waitress was very helpful in  suggesting some of Sushi Rock's special rolls.
Definetly will visit when I am in town again.

we stopped in while passing through.
good sushi, although the waiter seemed amazed that we'd actually had sushi before!
he did walk us through a complicated menu, and we found what we liked just fine.
a little pricey but not horridly so.

Hard to find free parking in downtown Cleveland but the walk was worth it.
Fast friendly service and sushi and rolls were great.
Atmosphere was nice too.

The service here was horrible.
My work colleague had his food come out literally 20 minutes after everyone else had already finished their meal.
To top it off, most of the dishes were mediocre at best, especially the sushi, which had generous portions but was not good enough to justify the price.
The filet mignon was good however.

What can I say....its sushi.
They've been around for years.
Weds you need a reservation for half priced sushi night.
A few of my favorites are the Big Mouth (spicy), Spider (soft shell crab) and Caterpillar.
Sounds funky but they are the big rolls.
Plus they have my all time favorite dish....Kani Su (spelling?)
its a bit of crab wrapped in a peeled cucumber and soaking in a light vinegar type.
Very light and I think I could eat 5 appetizers of these things.

I highly recommend the volcano roll or the dragon roll but avoid 1/2 off night unless you want to wait forever and only get the cheap items.

<SUMMARIES>
Stopped by this place because I was in the city and wanted to try out some sushi.
The atmosphere here is very conforming.
They have great friendly service and were very quick getting my food out to me.
It was a little costly but that is usually to be expected at sushi places.

