Terrible.
Will not return.
Went down hill from the time we entered.
The male who "greeted" is pointed to any table we wanted.
He put the menu's on the table and left.
Two other tables occupied.
Waited for about 10 min before he returned.
Not very helpful with menu.
Meals were not very good.
Veal was over cooked and dry.
Spatzel was burnt!
The best thing about the meal was the beer.

We came for dinner and ordered 2beers and 2 main dishes.They are good enough, but overpriced.It was almost $70.
Decoration of restaurant looks cheaply done with uncomfortable chairs and clatters.Portion of foods are small and pricy for quality.Service was not good even it was not busy that night.We are not going back.

unfortunately, I haven't even had the pleasure of trying this restaurant.
I went in and the woman not being so nice said they had no room.
Ok, I said I'd try later.
I have called this place on numerous occasions to make a reservation, and no one answers.
I finally gave it up, for any restaurant isn't worth the time.
Not only that, it sounds if the number to call is just a cell phone.

Just happened to pass by the place tonight and decided to give it a try.
My wife had the goulash and I had the pork with cream mushroom dish.
Both were extremely fresh and very good!
The dinner salad was OK, but I say that only because I don't like frilly salads like theirs (with dandelion, etc.).
The service was excellent and the waiter was very friendly.
It feels like a family owned type of place, where a lot of love and hard work was put into it.
It's not easy to spot and it's made even more difficult to find because they have outdoor screens covering their storefront...can't tell they are open.
I would definitely recommend...
Very good!

Went with hubby try it out.
He used to work in a German restaurant, so he was a little more critical about the food.
He kept telling me how things "should" have been done.
We both thought it was overpriced, under portioned.
We were the only ones in the restaurant  (other than staff) the night we went, which should have been a warning to us.
Everything was meh.
We did enjoy the apple strudel with vanilla ice cream, but hated to hear the microwave door slam shut before the strudel arrived at our table.
I wonder how long they will be in business...so sad cause we love local mom/pop restaurants.

I was dying to try this place being of German/Polish decent, boy was I disappointed!
Hubby had the German Bockwurst & fries, it was like a giant boiled hot dog, fries OK.
I had the Schnitzel Vienna Style, the pork was very dried out, no taste.
Now I have eaten quite a few potato pancakes in my day, my mom used to grate them by hand, and fry them in a pan.
These were like the took leftover mashed potato formed them into a patty and deep fried them!
MUSHY!
Needless to say my long awaited adventure clear across town was a bust, save your money!

New customer lost to greedy owner.
First visit today for a quick lunch.
Ice tea came, my wife took one sip and said she did not like it and  sent it back and only had water.
Schnitzel was bland and Beer Bratwurst was sub-par.
The lentil soup however was delicious.
Check came with charge for tea which I questioned and was told that owner said she had a sip so we had to pay for it!!!
You've got to be kidding...will now not go back.
Also, pre-packaged yellow mustard in a German restaurant.

What a hidden gem.
You can tell every dish is homemade.
The food service and everything about this place is worth 6 plus stars.
I highly recommend and will be coming back!
!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is not a good experience.
The food is sub-par and mediocre, and the attitude of the owner is something that is a disappointment.
The price is way too much for the quality of the food is much to be desired.
It is not really authentic like it should be.
The wait staff was friendly though, but I don't think this place is worth it.

