These ladies are amazing and every time I am getting my eyebrows they become better and better.
Nori and Muna they both have same techniques get minimum pain.
Also they only use special thread that 100% organic and no one in any threading spot in vegas using that.
My eyebrows looking best and I never go back to waxing.

I liked this place close to home and very clean.
The customer service was great and my daughter liked it too.
will be coming back.

This was my first time and I was a bit worried.
But my eyebrows turned out awesome!
It only pinched a bit on the bottom part of the eyebrow.
I'm so glad I came here!
Threading from now on.

As a guy I always had to get my brows clean up.
Having waxing all the time made my brows thinner and thinner by the day.
Finally I found this place next to wal mart and I tell you that these ladies know the job done on point.
Always I leave this place 100% satisfied and they even offer you water and coffee complimentary.
I never go any other place and I am totally hooked up with Fabulous Eyebrow Threading.
Thank you guys.
You are the best.

My sister and I came here looking for a new place to get our eyebrows done!
We were so satisfied with the job done here.
Priya (I hope that's how its spelled) is wonderful!
Very sweet, and she is very gentle when working on sensitive areas such as the eyebrows and upper lip area.
She was honest about the shape of my brows and gave suggestions about how to improve them.
Usually it's a painful experience to get my eyebrows threaded, but it didn't hurt one bit here!
Makes me wonder what the other places I've been going to have been doing to me this whole time.
Love it, will return.

Nari is amazing.
I had a horrible experience at eyebrows r us and she got my eyebrows back to looking amazing :) I highly recommend her!

I was looking for a new eyebrow place close to my house and came across them on Yelp.
The places is very clean and organized  and they also sell really nice purses.
I went to Priya and she was AMAZING!
She took her time and shaped my eyebrows very nicely.
I have a natural arch and she made them even better.
She also gave me tips on growing them out thicker and longer and even used a "brow mascara" that filled them in very nicely.
I will DEFINITELY be going back!
!

This place is awesome and professional,  the lovely women at the shop are always so friendly ..... And the brows are always on point!!
Always satisfied with their work on my eyebrows!

<SUMMARIES>
This is the perfect place to get your eyebrows done!
The staff is very professional and they provide top notch service.
I have always been nervous about finding a new place to get my eyebrows threaded, and now I never have to be nervous again!

