This place is so awesome and the manager is such a cool dude always remembers my name even remembers my order.
Highly recommend this place do fish tacos.
Insane topping bar.

From 3-6pm they have 2$ fish tacos, they come bare but have a condiment bar with everything you need.
French fries were perfect and the fish was great!

The fish tacos are exceptional.
Best I've ever had!!!
Will definitely go back for Taco Tuesday!!!
Love this place.

Got fish tacos.
I noticed they batter and fry their own fish which you just won't see at most fast dinning restaurants.
The tacos are served plain but there is a toppings bar with just about all you could want.
For the fish tacos especially I loved the slaw and the not-from-a-can/jar tartar sauce with just a drizzle of the very hot sauce.
I will definitely go here again!
5 stars based on it being exemplary in it's category of fast-casual food.
Definitely up there with some other recent novel additions in this category in the Phoenix area (like fast casual pitas/hummus bowls).

Pros: The food was cooked and served quickly.
Plenty of meat in the tacos.
They are served plain (just meat and tortilla) and then you get to help yourself to the salsa bar.
Out of the 3 tacos I tried (Carne Asada, Surf & Turf, Full) I enjoyed the Carne Asada most.
The beef of the Carne Asada taco and the Surf and Turf tacos were well seasoned.
Cons: I'm not a huge fan of the battered layer on the fish and shrimp.
However, I will be back for their Carne Asada tacos!
Also, the bathroom doesn't have mirrors, but that's besides the point.

Really good fish & shrimp tacos.
Quick and easy place to grab a bite.
My kids loved it my hubby loved it that combo for me an A+

Not from this part of town.
A local recommended this newly opened place.
I was very impressed with the fish taco...generous serving of lightly battered fish - topping bar had many options.
I got to dress it My Way!!
They have Taco Tuesday buy two get one Free!
!

I love Tortilla Fish.
Anytime we are in the area we go.
I always order too much because I want one of each.
The full taco is my favorite!
The home made ranch with the French fries is also hard to beat.

<SUMMARIES>
I came here in the mood for some fish tacos because I heard the place was great.
I must admit, this place is as good as its reputation.
Their fish tacos were delicious!
They also have some really good shrimp tacos.
Make sure you go on Taco Tuesday!

