Today was my first time eating here!
I must say I was truly impressed.
The service was fast and the food was delicious.
I had 1/4 lb burger with American cheese, green chile, 1000 Island Dressing and pickles.
The family who owns it are very friendly.
I highly recommended this place.

I am a gourmet chef and in general I'm pretty hard on restaurants.
The food has to be at least as good as I make at home.
Well, I tell ya, Lucky's burgers beat mine by a long shot.
I tried Lucky's for the first time yesterday and I have to say that Lucky's burgers are better tasting than any of the chain burgers, even 5Guys.
The place was CLEAN!
The staff was very friendly and helpful.

Best burger I've had in a long time.
Try the double and load it up with bacon.
The charbroiled taste is like right off the grill.
Frys are seasoned and cooked perfect.
Will be back for sure.

The burgers, chili cheese fries and shakes were delicious!
Very clean place and the service was excellent.
We will definitely be back!

I was looking for a great, simple, juicy burger and this is just the place.
Friendly staff, clean environment.
It was my first time in and I will def be coming back!

Good burgers.
Great shakes.
Eat here.
Owner runs the place with her father cooking.
Sweet.

Finally stopped in here.
The menu has burgers, dogs, gyros, fries and shakes.
Thats about it.
The green chili burgers, fries and banana shake are all great.
The staff (both of them) were friendly and quick.
Its a tiny place but its clean and efficient!
A burger will run you about what a whopper does but its better.
Don't hesitate to try this place!
Oh, there's no public restrooms btw...so plan accordingly.

Staff here is friendly and helpful, tried this place twice and will not be coming back.
The first time I tried the 1/4 burger and it tasted alright but it tasted like a burger king burger.
Went back a second time a got a meal.
The fries were excellent and cooked perfectly.
The burger was a huge disappointment.
It was extremely greasy and didn't taste great.
In-n-out has much better burgers and half the cost.

<SUMMARIES>
If you are in the mood for the best burger around then head to Lucky's right now.
This restaurant makes a fantastic quality burger that blows away the competition.
The shop is run by the family that owns it so you always get a friendly and attentive staff as well.

