What an unbelievably amazing place to go.
This is by-far my favorite place to go on a slower night rather than the party scene.
Go in there have a few delicious exotic beers and talk to some down-right friendly people.
The owner Pete is awesome as well.
All the waiters, waitresses, bar tenders, and of course Pete make you feel like family who just got home.
It's an absolutely wonderful place to go.
BE SURE TO TRY A DARK AND STORMY DOWN THERE!

In loooove.
Especially with the frites (and that aioli?!)
and the southwestern Caesar salad - it tastes like guacamole and a Caesar salad mixed together.
Amazing.
Service is always attentive and friendly.
Prices are reasonable, too; I got a great, filling lunch with a friend for $10 each.

Good coctail.
Service was awesome.
I had the polenta.
Pretty good.
I'm not sure how the polenta was cooked... little mealy.
I would've preferred it be pan fried or something.
My boyfriend had the brisket sandwich.
He said it was good, especially the bacon aioli.

Met a few friends for dinner last night- we were seated right away, but it was very early.
As we were eating, the place filled up very quickly so keep that in mind.
The menu was varied with both pub foods, salads and entrees- I really enjoyed the Amy's salad and I'm not really a fan of spinach but it was delish.
The veggie sandwich was likewise satisfying and the service was just fine.
Overall, we were impressed and will plan to return often.

Best burger I've had in Madison - loved that the bread is more of a brioche than a bun.
Service was friendly and prompt.
My only wish is that they turned the volume on the tvs down a bit.
Yes, they're showing European football matches, so it's better than your average bar, but a little less volume would go a long way.

This place is so-so.
The food was ok, I had the steak frites.
It was about 6 slices of a small steak and just blah fries topped with a strange sweet sauce(not sure why).
My partner had a vege special with chanterelle mushrooms that was really well seasoned.
The bone marrow app was under seasoned and just blah again.
I found the service super slow and the place too loud for my tastes.
Overall, Brasserie V is way, way better!
Rather spend my money there.

I heard great things about it, but it was only ok for me.
I had a chicken sandwich and it wasn't terrible, but the chicken was clearly processed.
It is also VERY noisy inside.
However my wife really liked her salad and they have a good beer selection.

My Bavarian Beer Stew was dry - I don't think it could be fairly called a stew because there was no liquid in it.
On the bright side I got to watch my dining partner eat the Sconnie Egg - and it tasted as delicious in my mind as it did in his mouth.
Beer - yup, lots.
Friendly eager to please waiter who apologized when our entrees were delivered right along with our appetizers.
Who's running the kitchen?

<SUMMARIES>
It's not as amazing as some people say.
Not saying it's bad, because it's actually really good, but not the best ever.
There's quite a lot of variety here in foods, from burgers, to sandwiches, to guacamole and salads.
Pretty much everything you'd expect.
The food quality is good, and service is fast, but they definitely cut corners by using processed foods.
Not all fresh.
Still, good atmosphere and the drinks are good too.

