Love this place and the coffee is so good!
I don't usually care for being a coffee snob but I honestly can drink it black because it's so good.
Expected prices to be too high for me but they are really fair.
Medium coffee is $2 and lattes are $3-4.
It's also great to support the new business.
Highly recommend trying this out and supporting the local business.

Excellent coffee/espresso.
Happy he's finally got his own show to run.
Hope he has an excellent, long run.
The coffee community is better with Braden in it.
That said, I'd love for anyone complaining about the quality of Crazy Mocha's Oakland shop to say that to Emily's face, lol.
Disclaimer: Have known Braden for years, back with TdO and EaM.
And I currently work for Crazy Mocha.

Certainly a delicious coffe, and very friendly people.
Cool spot!

Can't believe there is an independent and FRIENDLY coffee shop in Oakland!
Not snobby at all-- nice and light inside, they will toast bagels for you, serious about coffee-- roasted in Lancaster PA. Oat milk and almond milk options.

If you haven't checked out this coffee place yet, you absolutely have to!
Very conveniently located  near all of the major hospitals in Oakland, it's one of the best coffee places in town.
The owners are extremely nice and knowledgeable.
I'm thrilled to have a great coffee shop in Oakland, and I'm especially lucky to have it right next to my office!
It is also very reasonably priced.
The coffee is unbelievably good, so support the local business!

Amazing coffee, wonderful service, great treats.
Best coffee shop in Pittsburgh.

This coffee was so good!
I got the cold brew which comes in a glass bottle.
A little pricey but it is so smooth.
There was no need for any type of milk/creamer.
The only downside is that there isn't much seating so it's more of a grab and go type coffee shop.
It's also a little hidden and if you don't know where you're going, you may miss it!
(Hint: it's next to the donut shop.)
I'll surely be back.
The parking situation is metered street parking.
It's fine if you work or live in the area, then you can just walk and not have to deal with that hassle.

Great coffee great atmosphere and super friendly staff.
Nice place to visit along the college strip.
Check em out.

<SUMMARIES>
Has the best coffee in town.
Well, maybe not the best, but absolutely yummy.
Totally worth it and I recommend anyone to check it out just for the coffee.
The service is also top notch and friendly.
Again, want good coffee?
Then COME HERE!
!

