I went in and needed something for work for the next day.
They didn't carry it and I asked the sales associate if there was anywhere nearby that might carry it, and he refused to help me out.
He said," I'm not at liberty to tell you another stores name."
we'll I'll never go there again.
And I went to American shooters and found they were cheaper, had a better selection and appreciated customers.

AWFUL customer service!
Went into the store to purchase some ammo.
During the transaction, the staff realized the sign they posted for the .40 caliber ammo was incorrect.
Instead of offering me the ammo at the advertised price, they promptly removed the sign and said we would have to pay more for the ammo.
I told them that was against the law that you have to sell the ammo at the advertised price.
The manager's response - I know it is against the law but I don't care.
Steer clear of this place!!
!

It's a gun store.
Not exactly my genre of shopping.
But this is a small gun store nestled in a strip mall.
It's got what I assume are all the usuals - guns, ammo, and whatnot.
The most interesting thing was the bleeding zombie targets.
But otherwise, not my thing.
Small, pleasant staff for the most part, clean.

Spend your money else where these guys are a joke and don't know the first thing about customer service.
Not only do they ignore your questions in the store they will not respond to  their emails either.
Maybe the boss man hiding behind the wall should get up off his #*?
Instead of yelling I'm not gonna sell that gun at that price when price was never the issue.
I just wanted to know if you could order the gun that your worthless web site said you had in stock!
just like I said spend your hard earned money some where else.

This store is awesome !!!
All the people are cool and they really know what they do and they are nice !!!
And...
They have great collections , from guns and partz anddd accessories , wait ammo too !!!
For sure will come back !!
!

cool store with nice friendly helpful people.
It helps they don't price gouge you either like that guy on blue Diamond....Range..bla bla

This was my first time purchasing a firearm and it was a great experience!
I'm a novice in the gun world and had many questions prior to choosing my rifle and the guys (mainly one, but two others chimed in as well) were incredibly patient and helpful in answering all of them.
We spent probably 45 minutes to 1 hour discussing the functions of the different parts on the gun  along with comparing/contrasting different makes and models.
I left with not only a bada** firearm, but way more knowledge about it as well (including safety precautions).
I am super stoked about my purchase and will definitely be returning!

The staff there has become very arrogant, my husband went in to look at an upper asking some questions the answers were very condescending  and rude .
We walked out they lost a sale as our tax stamp just came in and the shopping begins for those items.
Not our first visit in so I can report this honestly.
They have changed for the worse I will go somewhere else they treated my husband like he was stupid and that was sad honestly.
Much better service and gun stores out there folks promise

<SUMMARIES>
Nice store.
Pretty friendly and relaxed, but lacking in professionalism.
As far as gun stores go, it is what it is.
It's not exactly a big store either, so don't expect to find a lot here other than your basic firearms and accessories.
A bit rude when it comes to not making a sale and they won't help you find something they don't have in stock either.

