I was hoping for more vegetarian options based on the name.
The place smelled great, I just don't have a desire to eat rotisserie anymore, but if you are carnivorous, then this place would be amazing.
I ended up having the mac and cheese with shallots and it was quite tasty and filling for only a small price tag of $5.
Good location, nice decor and friendly staff.

Visited Kid Cashew on soft opening.
It was very good!!
The octopus was delicious!!
My husband got the lamb burger and loved it!
Also their baklava is amazing.
We will definitely be going back very soon!
Great atmosphere, great staff and great food!
Highly recommend!

Great food, great service, great cocktails, great patio and parking!!!
Finally something that will last at this great East Blvd location.
Have been several times and it has always been spot on with both 2 of us and a large group!
Please keep it up!!
!

Sat there for 23 mins and our order hadn't been taken nor the side of lemons bought out that we had requested when we first sat down did notice employees sitting along side of the bar eating everyone was still smiling tho definitely will not return

I really want to like this place - wish I could have given it 3.5 stars.
The staff is great - very professional and friendly.
I gave it three stars because there is an over-abundance of lemon on two of the dishes we tried.
We ordered the octopus, which was a little tough and tasted like lemon and oregano.
Then we got brussels sprouts as a side - also drowning in lemon.
It just overpowered both dishes.
The lamb burger and eggplant burger we got were both very good.
I may give them a try again, but steer clear of the octopus and brussels sprouts!

I am a "vegetarian light" if you will, and I absolutely adored this menu.
The food was delicious, the drinks were divine and the patio was wonderful.
The service could have been a little bit better, but not a deal breaker by any means.
I would go back in a heartbeat.
Definite try if you haven't.

Came in around 7:30pm during the Super bowl.
The space is very tasteful as was the food and drinks.
Will be back many times.
Very friendly staff

The smoked trout starter was good but I believe it missed a few toppings that were listed on the menu.
The eggplant isn't babaganoush and I'm not sure what it was...It lacked the smoky flavor I thought it would have like a babaganoush!
The octopus (FYI not local!
Despite the "everything local" them the restaurant goes for) was chewy and didn't have any flavor.
It was hard to get through it all (sorry for being harsh!)
The place has a cute feel to it so I'll give it that!

<SUMMARIES>
This restaurant is a great place to check out if you're in the mood for some vegetarian food.
That said they also have some options for people that like meat as well.
The staff can sometimes be a bit slow, but the restaurant does also get very busy so that is understandable.
The atmosphere here is also very inviting and nice.
The next time you're in the mood for some good food you should give them a shot!

