Nice friendly people...very accommodating.
Even when vehicles were not available they always offered options for different vehicles.

I rent cars for business purposes across many cities and for Vegas, choose Sixt only when I cannot find a luxury vehicle for a reasonable price from hertz, avis or national.
The checkin process never takes less than 30 to 40 min.
The staff are fine, but the process sucks, if you need to rent and pickup with speed, only go with Sixt if you are not in a rush.

They are super slow with service.
Few people just sitting or standing around doing nothing.
One has a trainee badge so at least there is that.

Was apprehensive after reading reviews, but had an altogether good experience.
Rented a car for a ~400 mile roundtrip excursion.
Cheapest rates by far.
No wait when I picked up my car on a Saturday, car was as promised.
Make sure you read what you sign!
The contract I was presented when picking up the car had a .50 charge per mile over 100 a day, while the terms I agreed to online said unlimited.
I had them cross that off and initial it before I agreed to sign.
The lounge is also nice, and I love free soda.

I reserved my rental car through Travelocity and I was thoroughly pleased.
I was a little skeptical because the rental with tax was only $194 and some change.
The staff are super friendly and the rental place is very bright, a nice orange color.
They offer you various drink choices (all non-alcoholic, of course), I will definitely rent from here again.
Thanks.

I had a great rental experience here.
I found them through Kayak and then booked a prepaid reservation directly on the Sixt site.
The price was right - $49/day for three days' rental of a BMW 328i.
There was no upsell hassle for insurance or upgrades and the rental process took less than 5 minutes.
The return was also similarly fast and there were no fees or foolishness there either.

We had never heard of this company.
There price for rentals is what brought us to them.
I have to say they are fantastic.
We arrived in Vegas at 10:00pm got to the rental office, which is right across the street from the main rental hub.
Our car was ready, they greeted us with a smile and our choice of beverage from their stocked fridge.
Very friendly staff.
My only complaint would be at turn in time there could have been a couple more clerks working to check the car back in.
We will use them again for sure.

Have to take 2nd shuttle although you can walk a block from the mcCarren rental center.
Took over 1 hour to get the car.
No upgrades and had to wait for my class of car.
They act like they are high tech with QR code but in fact they do everything manually.
Their app sucks.
Price was decent and cars were nice.
But poor customer services means I won't be back.

<SUMMARIES>
Went here because I was needing to rent a car while I was in town.
This business had a good selection of vehicles from economy to luxury.
The staff was helpful in helping me find the exact car for me.
I will say that they are a little bit more expensive than other car rental companies I have used however.

