Below average Chipotle.
Chips were stale, portions where small, staff was nice though.
Ordered a burrito and the girl used a ripped tortilla.
When she first saw it she started to get a new one but couldn't pull it out right away so she gave up and used the ripped one.
Slightly disappointed.
I'm not expecting fine dining, but would at least like it to be comparable to other visits.

I love Chipotle, but this one gave me FOOD POISONING.
Whoever it was I talked to at their corporate wasn't quite helpful, although the manager at this Chipotle was very accommodating when I reported the food poising.
They're  nice, but the quality they make when it comes to burrito is not great.
It would spill or the burrito wouldn't be wrapped properly.
I prefer going to other Chipotles than this one.

Possibly the worst Chipotle I've been to in town.
Most of the employees that have served me barely put anything in my bowls.
I asked for a little bit more steak, and the lady literally scoops out 1 piece of steak.
Cheese?
They sprinkle that on there like it's the last bucket of cheese they have for the next month.
And the guacamole?
Guac is extra, so I expect at least a proper scoop.
She gives me half a scoop.
Seriously?
In the end I feel like I'm not eating a steak bowl, but rather a vegetable one.

Well I love Chipotle and since I was with my sister after shopping it was the closest location, it was her first time eating here.
The food was great but the redhead that works their was rude and impatient to my sister, she's only 12 and it was her first time and she wasnt sure what to get so the red head was rolling her eyes and idk If she's gonna work for a fastfood place she needs to learn to be patient.
Other than that 4 stars good food that's why!
Burrito Bowl my favorite!

I eat here almost everyday for lunch!
The wait can be long at certain times but worth the wait- the regular staff is awesome and friendly and they remember my order - I only have issues when they have visitor or new employees but they still get 5 stars because they move the line and are friendly and the food is always fresh and amazing!

As a UNLV student I always find myself at chipotle for lunch in between classes or picking up something to take home after a long day.
This particular location is ALWAYS busy, therefore the foods always fresh !
Even though all of the employees are fairly young, the service is great.
They'll let you sample things you haven't tried, and suggest a new spin to put on your burrito.
Love love love.
I only doc 1 star because the lines between 12 and 2 (lunchtime) are lonnnnnnnnng.
And they will not make quesadilla style burritos during lunch rush (lame).

i like getting the 3 taco combo here.
the salsa is so flavorful!
i like getting the bowls too.
heck.. i like everything here!
the only downside is you gotta eat really fast or get a separate basket for the tacos cuz they get really soggy at the bottom from the juice from the meat and salsa.
they get so soggy the taco comes apart before you bite into it.
but if you can get it into your mouth without the insides falling out from the split.. kudos!

Below standard, even for Chipotle.
Rice was not cooked all the way.
Food was lukewarm.
Salsas were flavorless(maybe not fresh?)
Pretty disappointing.

<SUMMARIES>
Chipotle is normally a high quality fast food restaurant where you can get high quality burritos and chicken/rice bowls.
This particular Chipotle however, is anything but high quality.
They don't give you enough food to eat.
The food they do give you to eat is stale or old.
Even if its not old food, they way they give it to you is usually very sloppy.
I don't recommend this place at all.

