Found this place while on a trip in Phoenix and Scottsdale here on Yelp.
Kids loved it.
Fun place to beat the heat.
Price and value is great, and  location is clean and really fun for kids.

Great place!
Very inventive with glow in the dark theme.
My kids loved it and so did I!
Also, super clean, especially the bathrooms.
Staff was very friendly.
Would definitely come back!

Fun place!
Glow putt is an awesome idea with a unique spin on mini putt.
Also, it's indoors which is nice for living in Arizona.
Great atmosphere inside with music, colors, and black lights.
Owner was very friendly too.
Had a great time here!

Great place to take the kids.. smaller than I thought it would be but it was fun all the same.
The smallest holes hat seemed would be the easiest actually were the hardest.
Great place for family fun

I've been here a few times now, and I love it!
Definitely fun for a date or just something to do.
My only complaint is that either each obstacle for each hole are longer or create more holes!
One round goes by too quickly!
Plan on possibly going this Sunday for a double date!

This place is definitely worth the price.
They give you a glow in the dark bracelet to start, and you have the chance to win a free round on the last hole.
There were a lot of kids there, but as an adult I didn't feel out of place at all.
The setup is great inside and I love the little extra touches, like the wheel you spin at one hole that gives you challenges to complete and the ball charging stations.
My only complaint is that it got pretty warm in there.
Otherwise everything was fine.

We just visited this place over the weekend for the first time.
We used a groupon for $20.00 me, my husband and two kids could golf!
That was a great deal!
The place is a little small ans could be a bit cleaner but overall we had a blast and the glow in the dark theme is a great idea!

We recently went here on my son's bday.
The kids thought it was super cool and the courses were fun and challenging.
Also, being able to charge your golf ball was so neat to them.
Will be back in the future.

<SUMMARIES>
This was a really cool place for the kids to enjoy.
The glow in the dark atmosphere is something unique that will leave them with their jaws dropped!
It has a nice mini golf experience and it won't break the bank.
I definitely recommend for family outings.

