If I could add an additional star I would.
Matthew is very professional and committed to excellence.
Work ethic today seems poor but Matthew is an honest, hard working and dependable, down to earth individual.
He truly takes pride in his work and will go the extra mile.
Other companies wanted about double the fee compared to what he charged and definitely would not have gotten the same experience.
It takes a lot to impress me and he did just that.
Will continue to use him in the furure and refer wherever possible.

Great service.
I called yesterday, Matthew came out this morning looked at my dryer, went on the roof and did an inspection and advised all was good, I did not need any cleaning, no charge for the visit.
Nice to find a honest businessman.

Excellent and professional service by Matt.
He performed a complete check of the Dryer vent and went on top of the roof and checked everything was good.
He even did extra work where in i needed to check another exhaust pipe on the roof.
This was outside his usual work and he was very helpful in doing that as well.
In the end i was surprised that he did this all as part of a free inspection and didn't charge me anything.
Definitely recommend him and would certainly call him again for regular service.

Matt was awesome!!
He spent all the time necessary to get my vent cleared!
Very thorough!!
He showed me step by step what he was doing to clear the vent..It was 100% blocked!
Clothes are drying and in much le
ss time!
Will schedule him to come back annually!

Great service!
It's very rare that you find a company or tech that explains the process to you and actually shows you the before and after photos.
Matt was very personable and will definite be using him in the future.
Thanks Matt!

Great price and great service.
No need to look anywhere else, Matt is awesome and gets the job done.

Great service - fast appointment time.
Very knowledgeable.
The dryer cleaning was amazingly effective.

I'd never even thought about my dryer vent until birds started to nest in it.
Matt spent about 4-5 hours cleaning our dryer vent, which turned out to be about 28 feet long.
He was professional, pleasant, determined and explained what he was doing.
Obviously passionate about his work which he describes as fire prevention I will definitely call on Matt for future dryer vent cleaning.

<SUMMARIES>
Matt is one of the most honest people I have had the pleasure of dealing with.
He is passionate about his work and willing to go above and beyond to please the customer.
His free inspections are actually free and he is will to check everything to make sure the dryer is working perfectly.
When I needed him to  clean the dryer vent his price was much lower than the competition and his work was far better.
He explained everything he was doing and he made sure I understood everything as well.
Bottom line, you won't find a better person, ever.

