This place is always so dirty and grimy, been there twice and will not be back.
Customer service is horrible!!
!

Look, it's by no means "chicago-style" pizza, but hey, it's excellent pizza.
They get all the ingredients right, resulting in a damn good slice.
And $4.50 for two slices is excellent.
Never a wait, interesting toppings for the walk up slices.
Great place to stop in for a slice, 5 stars

Probably some of the very best Pizza in town!
If you want great tasting Pizza and you want it pretty fast, then come to Barrio's!
They make outstanding Pizza in either a regular or thin crust and the toppings are well supplied.
Multiple size choices to choose from along with wings if you want those as well.
This may be a "chain type" store, but this isn't your run of the mill pizza.
You will not be disappointed...give Barrio's a try, they are worth it!
Lieutenant Colonel T Flynn, US Army, Retired

Pizza was good - a bit skimpy on the sausage.
Garlic Bread was less than good (dry and burnt).
Pasta meal (Spagehtti) was ok, nothing great but good.
Overall, I will try again but next time with no garlic bread and thin crust pizza.

Have eaten here or ordered from here religiously

Place is consistently good.
24 bone in or bone out wings deal with an XL 1 topping pizza is a quick and delicious meal for you and your pals!
I have gotten their medium one topping only $9.48 +tax which is perfect for just the two of us, its always hot, delicious, a bit greasy(which makes it good) and has the best cheese, to bread, to meat, to crust ratio out of any pizza I have had.
By far this place is great for a quick slice, a meal, or for some party food while the game is on.

I rarely leave reviews, but read them often when looking for places to eat.
I have lived here in Phoenix for 1 year now, and this is THE best pizza I've had.
This will be my go to place for pizza, hands down.
We got a large cheese (it's Friday during lent=no meat) along with bread sticks.
We did ask for extra cheese and sauce since we weren't getting other toppings.

The cheese pizza was so salty it was inedible.
I have to think something has changed or the accidentally dropped the salt shaker on this one.
Please check the sodium content on your ingredients Barro's.
I hope your reading your reviews and taking this stuff to heart.
We have loved supporting this business for the last 10 years+.

We love Barros!!
Usually go to other locations around the valley but decided to go to the one on Ray because of where we were at.
Great service!!
Lady was extremely nice!
However this location is the dirtiest I have ever seen at barros.
We were the only 6 people in the restaurant and very few tables were available that were clean!
This restaurant really needs to clean up.
Asked for them to clean a table and 15 minutes later a worker came to wipe down our table!
Please clean up!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Barros has some amazing pizza!
The toppings are always fresh and delicious!
I can't just have one slice when I come here.
its way too addictive!
This isn't your ordinary pizza joint.
They have a unique flavor that no one else has!
Its definitely top of the line!

