I'll probably go back to try something else but today I ordered a telly melt burger.
I ordered it medium and it came out well done.
I paid extra for a fried egg and it was cooked over hard, I didn't know I needed to specify that it should be over easy.
The burger had no flavor.
The sweet potatoes fries were good but a little under cooked.
The staff was very friendly and attentive but the food was underwhelming.

Eat here often living a couple of blocks away, and have never had a bad meal.
Food is always fresh and served in great portions.
From the salads to their gyros and fresh cut fries you will not be disappointed.
Guaranteed to convert you into a repeat customer.

I've been to Local West twice since they've opened and both experiences were great.
Everyone that I've had wait on me were efficient and friendly.
The "Cow Tipper" burger was delicious with some excellent bacon on top.
Both soups I've ordered were tasty.
The restaurant was busy when I was there but my wait wasn't long.
I think for the first few days of being in operation that they are doing a great job.
Both times I was there were not lunch hours so maybe that's why my experience was different than the other negative reviewers.
I will definitely be back and think that this restaurant could fill the needs of casual diners in my neighborhood.

Healthy, delicious food and vegetarian/vegan friendly (meat options too).
Great beer list, wine.
Reasonable prices.
Friendly people.
Patio.
Score!
Check it out.

Fun little spot for burgers and sandwiches.
We stopped in for a late lunch after a trip to Edgewater Park.
It's only about a half mile away so a perfect stop after the beach.
We had our dog with us so sat on the patio, which was perfect.
We enjoyed a mix of sandwiches and burgers and we're pleased with the vegetarian and vegan options offered.
Everything was huge, especially the burgers which were really thick.
For sides, the sweet potato fries and 3 bean salad were clear winners.
They also looked to have a large beer selection but we didn't try any.

Service has improved dramatically and I remain addicted to the Italian Beef Sandwich.
They did a great job cleaning up and decorating the patio - which is now a great place to watch all kinds of neighborhood happenings.
I've heard from people who know that they have a great burger - so that's next on my list.

Absolutely amazing!
The menu offers a wide variety of great tasting food.
In our party of 5 we all ordered something different and each and everyone of us was blown away by the taste, freshness and size of it all!
This is a place that you need to come back time and time again to get the full experience.
Not to mention the friendliness of the staff and the quickness in which the food was prepared.
Along with the food they also have a wide variety of beer to perfectly pair with your meal (and they don't silently judge you for getting a beer with your early lunch!
).

Freshness at it's finest.
I admit that I don't eat here often, even though it's only a block from my house.
I don't do fast casual that often.
However, when I do get in there, it is always right on the mark for what I craved.
The folks who work there are always nice, and when the weather permits, their patio is a great spot to eat and hang out.

<SUMMARIES>
The best thing about this place is the fact that there's something for everyone.
If you have a group of friends that are vegetarian, they have stuff on the menu.
If you have heavy meat eater friends, there are lots of amazing burger options.
They also have a great alcohol menu with wine and beer to try out.
I feel like I can come here when I'm in the mood for anything!

