Awesome place!
Tons of candy to get my sugar rush.
Ice cream sandwiches and nachos are really tasty.
They let you sample their chocolate for free at the bar in the back.

I love this place and the workers!
We did a free late night chocolate tasting.
The female manager knew everything about chocolate and recommended each kind for our needs.
We've gone here 2x now and will go again!

We did a chocolate tour that I found on Groupon.
The tour lasted about 45 min.
Toured how they make the chocolate bars from start to finish.
Included a tasting and 2 bars to take home.
The tour guy was great and informative loved the tour and loved the chocolate.
Also got to taste the hot chocolate.
Would do this again.
Well worth the price!
!

Really disappointed that I came here instead of going to the sugar factory like I usually do there was nothing except for a bunch of candies and root beer float or ice cream to choose from I got the root beer float and I never thought that I could get a gross one but I did here didn't even finish it service was really bad the girls there were oblivious and just in there own conversation the only reason I'm giving it two stars is because it was empty so I got my root beer float really quick

Sean was a fantastic server!
Great food.
This was a perfect spot and pleasant dining experience.

One of the most fun and delicious places in Las Vegas for snacks, desserts, ice cream and amazing chocolates!
They give free chocolate taste tours.
They sport their own chocolates and lots of other competitors chocolates!
They serve specialty milkshakes with alcohol!
I don't drink but many say they are so delicious!
It's a great place to buy unique souvenirs too!

They make their own chocolates here.
You can see them in the back.
Don't get the plastic bag for candy the round containers let you buy twice.
Salesperson pointed that out.
Excellent deal.
Could be a few more options in sugar free chocolate.
Handcrafted chocolates best quality in store.

We just got the bulk candy.
Lots of it looks like stuff you're familiar with but it mostly doesn't taste good.
Pretty sure it's all generic knock-offs.
We gave ours away.

<SUMMARIES>
First off, their chocolates are made themselves.
The workers are friendly and care, and the food is good too.
They give tours which is cool too.
Sometimes the girls here are a bit oblivious to whats going on around them.
Good experience overall.

