I had originally installed a bolt on cat back system on my truck and was pretty happy with the results.
I later decided I wanted to go more aggressive (louder) and picked up a new muffler and y pipe.
The y pipe I had purchased wasn't quite the right size so they swapped it with one they had no problem.
In and out with the new muffler and y pipe in less than an hour.
Service was top notch and I am extremely happy with my new setup.
Price was outstanding to boot, I will definitely return with any further exhaust work.
Highly recommend!

These two guys use few words to talk and don't give too much attention for you but their job is amazing.
I brought my Taurus 2001 to fix the cat, and they fix it very very fast and a fair price.
Highly recommend.

Came in bout 2 weeks ago to replace an o2 sensor and service was flawless they kept me in the loop about time and and what was going on a little delay on getting it off more then likely due to it being the original sensor that's about 4 years old with 98k miles on it thanks guys awesome work will return to get my exhaust system.

Really happy I went with these guys to install a new catback on my miata.
I called and scheduled a time with ease and got a quote at the same time.
I bought and aftermarket catback exhaust designed for my make model and year.
Had them install it and found that the exhaust pipe didnt exit center and was rubbing on the bumper.
They suggested making a cut and straightening it out and weld it back to center.
I agreed and the result was perfect.
Completely satisfied with their knowledge and performance.
Above all, after all the extra work, they did not change the price they quoted.
Cant say a regular shop will do what these guys did.

These guys were quick to build my custom car exhaust and it was less expensive than a catback.
Highly recommended!

I went to Performance based upon referral from Clint at Maximum Offroad.
I had a Dynomax cat back that I needed to be installed.
They took care of it in short order.including dealing with the after market hitch on my Jeep.
Good work at a decent price.

They said they couldn't install my exhaust tips on my BMW 335i.
Which is weird because a couple years prior to this recent visit, they installed the same type of exhaust tips on my other BMW 335i.

Amazing!!
Called all over the valley for honest and nice people to fix my car, not only did they do just that they didn't rape me in charges.
Will most def return if need be

<SUMMARIES>
I needed a cat back installed on my truck and these guys did an amazing job.
I wouldn't trust anyone else to do any repairs on my vehicle.
They pay close attention to detail and always give a good explanation of the service they provided.
I highly recommend!

