Thank you Dr. Wong for getting me in so quickly yesterday.
I really appreciate that  you were able to take the time to help me with my glasses and getting them adjusted.
As always you guys are the best!!!
!

Dr. Wong is literally the nicest and best doctor ever!
I used to get nervous when I have to do my eye exams because my eyes are so bad, but my visits to Dr. Wong are always so quick and easy.
If you are looking for a new eye doctor, I highly recommend Dr. Wong!

I have been going here since I have moved to Vegas in 2012.
They are reliable and their staff are very friendly and helpful.
Dr Wong is awesome!
Rhonda always has the best advice when it comes to both style and cost!
I really appreciate everything they do.

Dr Wong is very friendly....the staff is very helpful too.
I would recommend all my friends to see her for eye exam.

What a wonderful and welcoming place.
Dr. Wong is by far the best eye doctor I have seen in years.
She took the time to explain my prescription to me and she is super friendly!!
I will recommend to others!!
!

Everyone is very nice and professional!
Rhonda is very experienced and very patient then she spend long time to help me to pick the best glasses

Dr. Wong and Rhonda are amazing!
They are so helpful in finding the right contacts and glasses that work well with both your eyes and face shape.
I've been coming here for 2 years and I won't go anywhere else!
They have great deals and can work with anyone's budget!

I recently became a patient of Dr. Wong and ClearVision Eye Centers, and I am more than satisfied!
The vision services available are state of the art, and the care I received was top notch!
The customer service is excellent, and the staff has always been efficient and friendly.
Dr. Wong is thorough in reviewing examination results, and in turn, she is able to recommend the best options for you and your eyes.
I am happy to have Dr. Wong and ClearVision Eye Centers my new eye care provider.
Thank you again!!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Dr Wong is very professional and extremely nice!
I wasn't sure what to expect at first, but I was left pleasantly surprised.
I got amazing advice and I enjoyed my eye exams.
I recommend going to Dr. Wong for any needs involving your eyes!

