This is definitely not my favorite library.
Had to renew my card, pay a fine, and check out my books.
This required 3 different stops.
I wish you could handle all your card business at the same desk.
I do love the self-checkout kiosks the libraries have adopted.

I like books and free stuff and I can get FREE BOOKS (for a limited time) here!
Huge double storey space with tons of books, magazines, DVD's, and space for browsing and lollygagging in sweet silence.
This location also boasts a gift shop (what?
), art gallery, and other large public areas for lectures and whatnot.
Library cards are free for Clark County residents with ID.
Ending my review here as most people are familiar with the concept of a library.
Check it out!
(Pun intended....)  

;)

I use this place all the time.
It's everything a library should be.
They have books and they let you check them out.

I had a garage full of old CDs that my wife just wouldn't let me throw in the trash.
Lucky for me, this library has a book store that accepted them as a donation.
I was able to help the library, clean out my garage, and get a tax write-off all at once.
I love a success story.

Huge library with a bunch of other stuff (art museum etc.).
The staff with whom I interacted were helpful.
Fairly good selection--I found a few books I was looking for and a few DVD titles, and reserved a few others.

Ah yes!
Another favorite place on the west side I thoroughly enjoy killing time at.
The architecture of the building is modern with crazy geometrically shaped windows and vast open spaces.
Did I mention it has art exhibits they change up from time to time?
They also have various mediums to check out too: books, audio books and DVDs.
With their free Wi-fi, this where I've spent countless hours studying for school--since there's no way I'd get anything done at the comfort of my home.
Lastly, the staff is always friendly and willing to help you with anything.

more bigger than the other library in west charleston up stairs& down stairs plus art gallery and meeting rooms

A wonderful library.
It is beautiful inside.
All kinds of materials available.
This library is light, bright and user friendly.
The services are amazing.
And the children's library is so nice!
This library makes you want to read!

<SUMMARIES>
This is a great library to visit the next time you're in the market for some entertainment.
They have a fantastic collection of books and DVD's.
Checking out a book or DVD is easy with their new self serve kiosks.
It is also a great place to visit if you are just looking for a place to relax and unwind, there are a lot of great spots around the library to sit and read.

