My husband and I spent one night at the Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas.
The staff was impeccable and courteous.
When we arrived to our suite we noticed the smell of smoke in the front bathroom.
I called the front desk and within five minutes we were moved to another suite.
The suite was very clean and the bed was very comfortable.
Over all all our expectations were met.
I would recommend this hotel (separate from casino but with access to Mandalay Bay).

A very nice hotel, with the best service in Las Vegas.
If you looking for a upscale, quiet hotel this is the place.
Once inside the Four Seasons you forget your in Vegas, but when you are wanting the Casio vibe, than a short walk to to the connected Mandalay Bay is available.
The pools, the restaurants (Charlie Palmer and the Veranda) both great places.
Pool side seating is available at the Veranda.
All in all a great place, unless your wanting the Casino vibe.

Wow all I can say about all the services this hotel provides, everything is super professional, the best hotel I stayed so far, will recommend to all of my friends

It doesn't get better than this.
There is nothing wrong with this hotel.
It is very expensive but if you use the Internet you can find a budgetary way of paying for it.
It's worth it.
No long walks...at all.
Elevator to pool?
Your there.
Elevator to casino?
Your there.
Trust me people.
Stay here.
I'll never stay at another hotel in Vegas after this weekends  experience.
And I'm kind of poor.

Exactly what you would expect of the Four Seasons, clean and comfortable rooms, friendly staff, excellent food and amenities.
The only negative is the pool is a little on the small side...but you have access to Mandalay Bay and their pools.

Beautiful hotel!
Really enjoyed my stay.
The presidential suit is gorgeous!
Great hotel to stay in if you want something in the strip, but not in a casino.
The rooms are awesome and the staff is amazing.
Definitely would stay here again.

We have stayed here once or twice a year the past 6-7 years.
Each and every stay has been delightful.
From the moment you pull up to the front door, to your departure, the staff and services are top shelf.
We have been treated like royalty, and will not stay anywhere else but here.

hosted my family reunion brunch at Veranda today.
I wanted my family to have the best brunch experience, my family couldn't be happier.
We got poolside seating and it was perfect.
The setting was elegant, beautiful, clean and the staff were everything; friendly, professional, from the planning to the service.
So, thank you!

<SUMMARIES>
This hotel is truly a great place to stay.
If you're looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas this is the spot.
They have service that is always very attentive and accommodating to any needs that you need.
Everything is handled in the most professional way possible and it truly is a luxury experience.
The price is a bit high, but overall it's worth it if you want to have the best resort experience in Las Vegas.

