After driving by for two months, I finally stopped in for lunch.
I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the staff was & how clean the restaurant is.
We went for taco Tuesday yesterday.
I don't eat red meat or pork.
When I saw the Tree Hugger taco on the menu, I was in heaven!
It was amazing!
I went back for lunch today, Wednesday.
I would have given 5 stars, but after reading other reviews and learning about the loyalty card & double points Wednesday's, I'm disappointed no one offered or explained this to me.
My husband just took my son there for dinner as well.
Regardless, I will definitely be going back.

I love this place because the employees made me feel welcomed.
Great food and salsa.
They come in burritos and bowls, choice of beans, rice, veggies, toppings, etc.
The favors are more varied than Chipotle, the prices are a little better and they have a loyalty program that can pretty quickly add up to free cookies and meals.
It's become one of the fast food choices for me, but at the end of the day it's still fast food.

This is one of the best lunch places around.
Healthy , inexpensive, really flavorful food.

Been here twice in three days.
Definitely my new favorite.
A unique mix of Chipotle and Rubio's but fresher than both and without the "chain" feel.
Great variety of flavors and toppings on the create-your-own.
All of the staff have been super helpful and attentive.
Can't wait to come back!

Their food has been great quality each time have had it and I love the location and atmosphere.
The staff on the other hand have been less than superb.
Some of them are attentive and great, but some of them don't seem to care that you or them are there.
In addition I have seen some of their staff hiding in the dumpster enclosure behind the dumpster smoking.
With some better staff this place could be in great shape.

Outstanding food at a decent price!
The food is very fresh and the dining area is squeaky clean!
The best tacos you'll get at a walk in.. Will be back many more times.
Would absolutely recommend!

Great new alternative to Chipotle, and a lot more to offer here.
Great food, very reasonably priced and interesting modern design elements in the interior.
Fortunately for us, it's also close to home.
We will definitely be back.

Chipotle has nothing on this place!
It is a build your own burrito at the counter style place, but with so many more options.
Tons of different meats and salsa to choose from.
The spicy avocado salsa is amazing!
And the nachos.
Man those nachos!
Ask for a frequent buyers card so you can get discounts.
I was very impressed with the service as well.
They were very friendly and seemed to enjoy their job, which you typically don't see in fast food style places like this.
And lastly, prices are reasonable and portion sizes are generous.
I could not finish my burrito bowl in one setting.
Leftover were just as good!

<SUMMARIES>
I really like this place.
its a great way to get some healthy mexican style food at a good price.
The have tons of fresh veggies that go into your taco or burrito, so you don't feel guilty.
The salsa is amazing!
Its definitely a place for vegetarians and meat lovers alike!

