Went here recently for a happy hour.
Much like other reviews state, this is an average bar/restaurant with average food and drink.
I had the bruschetta to eat and it was a huge filling portion.
It was OK.
Nothing extraordinary to write about.

Simple bar and grill with a simple menu.
I recommend the salmon sliders and the tater tots.

One hour wait for mediocre food.
But at least the place pumps uber loud music so everyone had to scream to be heard.

Great place to watch games.
Had about five tvs.
The best thing at bar louie is there 4-7pm weekday happy hour.
I wish they offered a late night happy hour also.
The drinks on regular menu as well as food is overpriced for the quality.
The chicken nachos were stale.
The fatheads bumble berry small was over 6$.
So i'd probably only go here for happy hour.

The bar area was packed on a friday evening and I met a group of about 12 girls for a bday celebration.
The waitress was sooooo slow and never checked on us and messed up our drink order repeatedly.
We would have to actually go and look for her when we needed something.
We ordered about 7 apps for the table and although they were good, it did not make up for the lackluster service.
If your in for drinks and people watching then its ok but wouldn`t go out of my way to come here again.

Went for lunch today on my lunch break with some work friends.
It took them 40 mins for them to get our food.
During this time we asked for it to get our food in boxes-because at this point it took 80% of our break to even get the food.
Not once did our server apologize for the ridiculous wait or even let us know what was going on in the kitchen.
Keep in mind we ordered very basic menu items.
Once the food finally came out it was mediocre at best.
Never going back-especially for lunch.

This place is hit or miss.
The food, when it's timely and correct, is pretty great.
Good drinks too.
But on more than one occasion, the service has been terrible.
We actually had a serve get fired in the middle of serving us!
Recommend that you sit at the bar and order drinks.
It you're determined to eat, make sure it's not when they are crowded!
**Update**
I can't make this up.
Went to Bar Louie for brunch on 9/10.
The cook messed up our order of omelettes TWICE!!!!
And the coffee was cold.
I am done with this location.

I've given this place several chances before giving up completely.
We always sit at the bar, and the bartenders literally ignore us.
There's no way you don't see me and my guests sitting, without drinks.
And it's never super busy when we have gone in!
Your bartenders need to learn to at least acknowledge - a very basic customer service trait.
When you finally do revive a drink, it sits empty forever!
I spent years tending bar and would never treat guests this way.
Ps - had a group of 8 girlfriends wanting to go tonight and I warned them not to because your service is horrendous.
They went to Cheesecake instead.

<SUMMARIES>
The staff here are slow and at times ignore the customers.
The food and drinks are nothing to write home about and are pretty over priced.
The wait times are long for meals and the food is often over cooked or even stale.
It even takes a ridiculous amount of time to get drink refills.

