Been coming here since I moved to Vegas!
Sad they moved the location but this is def.
a great spot for Mexican dishes and Margaritas =)

Great food and great service.
The chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious!

Chapalas is a great mexican restaurant.
The staff are very friendly and welcoming upon arrival.
The seating is very good and there is enough space that you do not feel cramped.
My family and I usually go on Sunday's when they have the buffet.
The food is always fresh and they are quick to restock if an item is low.
Generally, buffet food is something left to be desired, but not at Chapalas.
My family and I will keep coming here as long as it is open!
I definitely recommend this restaurant.

If I could give this place less then one star I would!
It's not very often I rate something this low just because I give points for effort but it's like this place stopped caring and started serving crap!
I ordered a taco chili relleno and enchilada combo the only edible item on my plate was the enchilada.
My husband ordered the fajitas and it came on a not a fajita plate just a regular plate with lettuce and pico it was a very sad excuse for a fajita meal!
Don't waste your time money or gas going to this place!
Oh and to top off crappy food the service is just as bad as the food!

You Can't Go Off Reviews Where People Don't Know The Real Deal Been Coming Here Since 1987 So Yes I Do Know Authentic Mexican Food And The Bottom Line I'm Treated Like Family When I Dine Here I'm Not Apologizing To Trolls That Have No Clue What Their Talking About

My friend and I ate here on vacation, and we were largely unimpressed.
Our server was abrupt and unfriendly.
I got a beef burrito but was surprised when it came out with no sauce on top (it was just a simple tortilla with beef and beans in it).
It would have been very plain had I not poured some of the chip salsa on top.
My friend got a shrimp dish which he thought was decent.

I gave it one star only because the service was excellent.
The mild salsa is tomatoe sauce with chili powder.
The hot salsa is mild enough for a Midwesterner.
They put VegAll in EVERYTHING!
Seriously?
Potatoes and Lima Beans in Tamales?
Carrots and Corn in taco meat?
I'm frankly embarrassed they are even in business.
It is a great dishonor to a fine cuisine that I love dearly.
Great service but the food is horrendous.
Do not waste your time and money.
Honestly?
Taco Bell is better!!!
!

I love this place been going for YEARS and i go ESPECIALLY FOR THE SALSA!!
i would drink it if i could..i sometimes order and entree but i usually get chips and some appetizers.
Best salsa in vegas dont care anybody says!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
If you're in the mood for some authentic Mexican food this is one of the best places to go in Vegas.
They have been around for over thirty years and continue to make fantastic fresh Mexican food.
The service here is also very friendly and attentive.
Their salsas are all made fresh in house and are some of the best in town as well.
I highly recommend checking out this place!

