Authentic south Indian cafe.
If you are not used to strong indian flavors go with sense of adventure.
For any indian origin...pure soul food.

Okay,  had read a lot of Yelp reviews regarding bad service here,  but also read that the food is good, so thought of visiting this place on our way back from Pittsburgh.
And true to the rating,  the service is terrible.
When they are crowded, it's like they forget you exist.
The heavy guy at the counter was a total a**, extremely rude.
Our host (who was a treat amidst the chaos) and food arrived late, but it was good.
Ordered the udupi Thali and the south Indian Thali.. Their dosas are a must try.
Please please manage the place better.
Haven't Yelpers complained enough!
!

I so much love this place.
it has the best dosa in pittsburgh!
I go there every week and not even once they have screwed up on any order.
The service is very fast and food is delicious..

By God by far this 1 beats all the desi restaurants that make South Indian food.
The chef is really good & unlike other restaurants he doesn't use pre made mixes or sauces.
Authentic udipi style food.

So good!!
I will without a doubt return the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
Extensive vegetarian menu.
Generous portions, attentive service and super reasonable prices.

Really disappointed.
Lousy food and bad attitude of the server.
Half of us after coming back to the hotel are having an upset stomach.

Rava masala dosa was great.
Saag paneer was average.
Paratha was not very good.
Masala chai was way over priced for a small cup at $3.50.
This is a good place to eat after visiting the temple since its only about a mile away.
But for food and ambiance I'd not make the trip here.
It is good for strict vegetarians since they do not serve any meat here.

Best Indian food within a day's drive.
Might I recommend the chana batura?
Paneer dosa?
And perhaps begin with the potato bonda?
Sometimes humble surroundings beget fine food.
Enjoy!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is the place to go if you want to taste good authentic Indian food.
Although it can be crowded at times, the wait is worth it.
Its really the place to go if you want to try a menu that has tons of vegetarian options.
The chana batura is delicious.
As an appetizer, you can't go wrong with the potatoe bonda!
I highly recommend this place.

