This place is great!
Thank you all for being so kind courteous and helpful!
For all the negative reviewers out there, if you engage the people at this shop you will find them to be very intelligent and very willing to help you.
I think some of the reviewers want every person they meet to treat them like their best friend the minute they meet.
The staff here is not working at TGI Fridays.
It's a piercing shop!
Feel free to get over yourselves!
All of them are nice people if you drop your attitudes!

Went back today to have my piercing rechecked and resized.
I saw John Logger again.
What a great experience.
He updated me on how everything was healing and changed my piercing out.
Again..a stellar expierence!
!

I have gone back and I have nothing but a great success with the healing of my piercings.
Again thank you HTC for being my go to Piercing stop whether its for a new piercing or just to update my jewelry.

I have gotten all my piercings here.
I have had a good experience almost every time I have gone in.
I did get my lip pierced and not even two days later the piercing came undone, I went back in to get it screwed back in and the guy who helped me was so rude, was very rough with my lip, (which was still swollen from the piercing days before) it was just a horrible experience.
But every other time I have gone everything has gone great!

Today I randomly walked into the shop and I was a little skeptical because this was my first "crazy"piercing and I was affraid of how everything was going to turn out bad, But Jacob was really down to earth made everything turn out smoothly, quickly and carefully.
He helped me chose what location in my ear was going to be best for my type of ear.
I really enjoyed my time there.
He explained carefully how to take care of my piercing after my service and set me up with an appointment to return 4 weeks after for a follow-up and to downsize the earing :) .
My piercing was $25.00 and the earing was $35.00 and I got my helix pierced...thanks Jacob!!
!

Just went back with a friend from So Cal to get my ears pierced (8 gauge black glass plugs) and get my labret taken back out to 14 gauge.
Dana and A.J.
are the shit, and I refuse to get any piercings done in So Cal, only here at HTC.
You would be well served to visit HTC before anyone else.

Dana is awesome.
First piercing and it was awesome.
He explained everything and made feel so relaxed.
I would refer him and this shop to all.
Very clean and sanitary!!!
!

Have been coming here for almost 10 years!
I have had about 5 piercings done here and they all have been perfect.
First off, they have the 3 free piercings on your 18th birthday which is a steal!
Last time I came in, I wanted two piercings in my ear, but was unsure on exactly what I wanted.
After talking with the gal at the counter, we decided on the inner conch and rook.
I was a little nervous, but the piercer was wonderful and professional and had it done in no time at all.
I will be back soon for more!

<SUMMARIES>
The people here are great.
They will help you pick out jewelry and piercing placements.
They are very knowledgeable and will answer any questions you have, and know how to make you feel relaxed.
They explain to you in detail how to take care of your new piercing to give you the best chance of success.
They will also follow up with you to see how things are going and update your jewelry if needed.

