Great wash, friendly staff, can't beat the price.
Get a quality wash for $5 in 5 minutes.
The higher priced washes are good too.
Not much more to say than that.

I went here twice during the week and can say that I won't be going elsewhere unless I need a full service experience.
They've obviously invested in top notch equipment and as a result the wash does a near perfect job.
Plus it wasn't busy so you can get in and out quickly

Love everything about this place!!!!
The ease, the friendliness of the staff, the quality of the wash & vacuums.
Such a great concept.
Will definitely come back!!!
So happy I found this place.
So fast too!

What happened to this place?
The owner is a good man, treats people fair, as a matter fact I once drop my wallet called an hour later, he found it and waited 30 minutes past closing for me to get back and pick it up!
However, recently he seem to have hired a bunch of retards who can't understand the concept of service.
But then again, it's $10 bucks & location is prime.
I'll go back there, but only in a pinch!

Great place!
The facility is very clean, quick and convenient!
The staff is also very friendly and helpful!

Grading with a little bit of a curve for the car wash business but overall experience is always pleasant, generally friendly, and I continue to return.

My go-to quick car wash!
I pass 2 other similarly priced washes to get here and its worth it!
for starters they hand out candy at the register!
the car wash itself does a great job, especially compared to any nearby quick wash places, and of course the vacuums are free.
once dropped my wallet here, was still there 2 days later with all its contents.
awesome friendly staff!
this should be your go to spot!

Pro: Brightly lit, open late

Con:  Waaay overpriced unless you typically drive in the mud and need lots of car washes for a monthly fee

<SUMMARIES>
They offer the best service for the price.
The owner is a really nice guy who listens to your needs and will take care of any issues you have.
Overall a great environment and service you can trust to get your car looking clean and beautiful again.

