Omg this lady act like she didn't know how to long nails she was pulling in my hands like she wad the she had do long nails they are not shaped right now I can do my own nails but is was my birthday so I went I got them done but I know one thing I will never go there again 50.00 and I have to fix them with a lot of lumps as will

Awesome!!!!
Came here from out of town and felt like I was at my home shop:) great prices and friendly/funny staff.

Victoria is my favorite:) she fixed a situation with the other nail tech because she wasn't filing my nails properly - she did my pedi great though .
Anyways I used to go to polished nails and pay too much just because they had a lot of gel color selections I like .
BUT now that I've found lovely nails they have all the same beautiful unique colors and it's reasonably priced !
Not to mention I don't really need to make an appointment and the management here solves issues better .
My new fav nail place .
Been in Vegas 11 years and I've tried many places .
This one is great :)

I decided to try this place out because its by my house and I saw the reviews on yelp..
I love it!
Kim did my acrylics and she did such an amazing job.
She was so friendly and talkative...great personality!!
Its family owned so it was sweet seeing mom dad and daughter hustling to get all the clients done...
I'll definitely be going back

Got a full set.
Paid extra for gel polish and design.
In less than a week 4 of the nails had broken they refused to refund me or fix unless I was willing to wait and pay for it.

Lovely Nails is fantastic.
We are staying in LV for 2 days and wanted a Mani/Pedi.
Spas on the strip are sooo expensive.
We found this place on Yelp and well worth the taxi trip.
As for Lily or Victoria.
FANTASTIC!
No need to pay Las Vegas Strip Hotel prices.
Come here.
I would recommend and surely comeback.

Great service , fast and cheap compare to other salons (.
$40 for mani- pedi- eyebrow wax)
Tip was great guy!
Will go back

This is a great, family owned place.
We called on our way to Vegas and they were able to see both me and my husband same day.
Very friendly and great if your on the run.

<SUMMARIES>
The service here is hit or miss.
Sometimes you get a good tech and they do an awesome job.
Sometimes you get one that's not so great and the nails come off or break.
There are a large variety of polish colors to choose form an the prices are fairly reasonable.
They offer nail services as well as waxing.

