Local dive bar experience!
Authentic Phoenix experience squished behind the Starbucks.
Pros:
Decent prices
$2 mystery shots
Clean bathroom
A variety of seating options 
Friendly outgoing patrons of all ages

This place rocks.
'Nuff said.
Cheap drinks, awesome bar staff, stiff pours..
I love this place.
They have seen me at my worst, my best and all in between, and no one passes judgement.
Swizzle- stay classy my friend.

The only dive bar in phoenix that truly reminds me of my midwestern roots.
Cheap drinks, great happy hour(that's ridiculously long and cheap).
You'd think that this would attract the less than desirable crowd to frequent swizzle, but I've only found great bartenders and patrons at this little bar.
If you're in the neighborhood you've got to give them a try.

I like the Swizzle stick  as my Dad used to call it.
It's a local bar with no frills except pool table, bar, and friendly people...what more can u ask for?
I'm not a huge bar guy but this place is like Phoenix's Cheers...eventually everyone will know your name.
The sliding glass door with the little beach is what makes this place AWESOME!!!
After TexAz...Swizzle Inn to this Bar  (Wow that was bad!!)
for some good times.

After reading such good reviews, decided to check it out.
Bartender was friendly and made great shots, but the place was full of regulars who made it impossible to have any fun.
Tried to play pool while the regulars were sitting down having a round and got kicked off because they wanted to play.
Cute place to get a drink, but not a good place to try to have any fun.

Greatest dive bar ever!
Their Christmas decorations rival that of Coach House but without the Scottsdale crowd.
You can find every type of person hanging out here.
The staff is friendly and they pour heavy (but not too heavy).
My friend said to me a few months ago, "I found the greatest dive bar ever you have to go to called the Swizzle Inn!"
I replied, "It is the greatest!
I've been going to the Swizz for years."
Maybe I should have shared the info sooner?

Love the Swizz!
Reminds me of back home in the Midwest.
Good times and great spot to mingle and meet new people!

Lynn is the reason I continue to come back!!
She is personable, fun, and dedicated.
Great hire!
She makes me feel like I'm at "home"!

<SUMMARIES>
The drinks here are well priced, especially during happy hour.
There is a large variety or regulars from various backgrounds and ages.
Great place to meet new people.
The staff  are great they provide a nice judgement free environment and they aren't stingy on the pours.

