Food was amazing.
My wife is super picky about Mexican food, and she loved their food.
The place is very clean and well kept, and the waitress provided superior service with great communication skills.
The restaurant is tucked away, so it's difficult to find.
However, if you follow their address and unit number, you can find it.
I highly recommend this authentic Mexican restaurant!

Hands down one of the best torta spots here in Vegas straight from Mexico City!
The bread is good and doesn't crumble like most.
Everything is fresh and the shakes and fresh waters are amazing.
Definitely coming back to try more food!
The place is also very clean and organized.
Really good!!!!
!

Very good food.
Atmosphere is nice.
Feels like a family run business.
Good service.
Good food.
So glad we yelped and tried it out.
Will return when in Las Vegas again.

The reviews don't lie!
The food is definitely delicious!
They had me with the taste like homemade chips and salsa.
I had the shrimp tacos which tasted so fresh and so yummy!
I def will be back!!
It's on Sahara and Decatur by the jack in the box.

Delicious food, good service, and just off the beaten path.
LOVED this place.
The tacos are authentic and well priced.
My favorite tacos are in Tijuana, especially their octopus tacos (they're amazing, highly recommended you add it to your bucket list).
It was a little slower and I noticed octopus as an option on the menu.
I asked if the chef could make some octopus tacos special.
He said he could and they were exactly as I wanted.
So good!
Can't wait to go back.

My friend and wanted to try something new close to work.
We came here and boy did we maker a good choice!
The food and service was great!
We both ordered Pambazo sandwich, it's dipped in enchilada sauce with chorizo, lettuce, sour cream, and potatoes.
We both split the sandwich but after eating it.
We wished we would've gotta a full sandwich.
The sandwich was delicious!
We both ordered a sopa  chicken and carne asada.
The sopas were as big as the plate it came out on.
It came with beans, lettuce , cheese, and the meat.
We couldn't finish the sopa.
I'll definitely be back again to try another dish.

Absolutely amazing Mexican food and people.
Cleaner than I expected.
I would highly recommend this restaurant, if your looking for a casual place.
I swear I do not know anyone hear in this place just stumbled on it.

This place is great!
My kids loved their milkshakes, and I really liked the hibiscus drink.
My husband tried to eat all of the torta...
He said it was soooo good but it filled him up :).
We really liked all of the homemade tortillas, and we'll be back!
Waitstaff was delightful.

<SUMMARIES>
Oh wow, this place is amazing.
Food here is way above what you'd expect.
It's not in the biggest area with foot traffic, so it's a bit hidden, but you know what they say, hidden gems are the best.
Service was friendly, quick and when they came out with the delicious food, it was overall a great experience.
Definitely love this place and you gotta try the tacos, they are delicious.

