This is a nice little aquarium located right at the flats district.
It's the only one of it's kind in Cleveland.
As far as aquariums go though, this is not at par with the likes of the New England Aquarium.
Think Mandalay Bay hotel aquarium in Las Vegas, which is similar in size.
I echo the sentiments of most reviewers regarding cost and the flats still looking shady.
Overall, I think it is an impressive effort, I love it, would love to see it going and would be more than glad to support it.

We had a great time at the Greater Cleveland Aquarium.
The exhibits are well done and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
We visited mid-week when there were smaller crowds.

The Greater Cleveland Aquarium is a nice place to spend a couple of hours in the downtown Cleveland/Flats area.
It is expensive, in my opinion for what is actually there.
It is family friendly, and children enjoy it.
The building is really cool - and sharks are always fascinating,  You can touch a ray, have fish, sharks and rays swim over your head in the tunnels, and also feed the rays - but be mindful of feeding times.
Costumed staff/tour guides add to the charm factor.
The gift shop has a nice assortment of souvenirs.

Love love love!
We almost didn't go because it's 20.00 a person and we kept hearing it wasn't worth it, but it was worth it!
The shark tank was amazing!
You can walk through a tunnel and they swim right over you.
We were taking shark selfies!
They have a really nice touch tank and an amazing jellyfish display.
It's a very relaxing place.
The staff are knowledgable (ask about the poor turtles).
We had a great time today.
Even our 8 month old liked it.

The wife and I took the family.
I expected it to grade out to be an F. The difference in price between a season pass or a day pass(for a family of 5) was $80.
Either way, it's not worth it.
My kids called it a "Pet Co. On steroids!"
the under water tunnel and petting area was cool.
Other than that, it is like a pet store you pay $35 to get in to.
Factoring in the tunnel and sting ray petting, I give it an overall D!!
Save you time and money and visit Great Lakes Brewing (down the street)!

Very cool.
Went for the Nauti By Nature Yelp Party!
Fantastic time!!
Love the fishes, sharks, turtles and sting ray petting tank!

I visited during shark weekend, so there were shark-themed activities like sidewalk chalk, pictures, a show and tell guy (shark teeth, sting ray bar, etc).
Parking was $5.
The shark tank is cool and there's a tunnel where you walk through it.
Now there are lounge chairs in the petting area.
It's a small place.
I walked through the entire thing in an hour and I probably read like 10 info plates.
It will be great in a few years, with the expansions.

Get the tour!!!!
It's not advertised well, but they have a tour for $10 more that is SO awesome.
You learn all kinds of stuff that you never would have known, & they take you back behind the scenes.
If you don't do the tour, it's your basic mid-level aquarium.
Don't miss out!

<SUMMARIES>
The staff here are friendly, engaging, and knowledgeable.
It's a bit expensive but the exhibits are well done, and there are chances to interact with some of the animals.
You can feed the stings rays, and touch them too!
The sharks can swim right over the top of you via an overhead tunnel, it's a great view.
If you want more informative experience you can pay for a tour.

