Excellent doctor and excellent team members!
It was my first time with them and i loved it!
I totally recommend this clinic and this team 

Excelente doctor e equipa!
Fue mi primera vez con ellos y me encanto!
Recomendo mucho esta clinica e esta equipa

I recently moved to Nevada and was looking for a great doctor.
I believe I found him.
Very friendly and informative team.
Thanks for everything.

I recommend them.
It took a little bit on time to see me but I was in and out with in an hour.
They where very nice and double checked it I had any questions.
They do electronic prescription, which was very handy by the time I got to my cvs I walked up and picked it up with no problem and in a matter of time.

At first they seemed like an excellent choice, and then I started noticing their dirty billing tricks!
A few patients came in demanding a reason why they were being billed twice by the DR. And their insurance company.
I didn't believe it!
Not until the office tried to do the same to me and stated I'd contact my insurance company to refund me what they were trying to charge.
I called my insurer, who stated this was NOT how things worked.
My Insurance rep contacted them for a refund for me, and reported them to the board.
They provided great service but their billing practices are very questionable...read the poor reviews, there's plenty of truth in them.

Stay away from this doctor and don't believe to all of these good reviews.
He buys these reviews for $5 Starbucks gift cards.
This doctor wants only money and don't care about your health.
He is looking for most expensive ways of treatment.
He pushed me to surgery trying to get more money from that.
Thanks God, I found another much more professional doctor who can solve my problem without making holes in my belly and  leave scars on my body for the entire live.

Fast and easy process!
The doctor answers all questions and explains everything to ensure you understand.

This was my first time getting an annual exam in over 20 years (I know, I know) the doctor and staff made me feel very comfortable and at ease.
Dr. Benitez explained in detail so that I understood what was going on and all the steps we were going to take for my care.
I am extremely glad I was referred here and will be going for regular visits now.
Thank you, Nicole

Clean office with a friendly an inviting environment.
The staff is very sweet and organized.
Dr. Luis J Lopez was very patient and knowledgeable about all my concerns and questions.
This was my first appointment with them and the in-processing paperwork took only a few minutes.
I would recommend him to everyone.

<SUMMARIES>
This doctor is great at providing some professional care and has a helpful team as well.
The team works hard to make sure that you feel comfortable and understands how some people have some initial reservations and fears about going to doctors.
The office is also extremely clean, which just shows how much they care about making sure they provide the best care possible.

