This is my local go to casino!
I bowl here in a league in Friday's.
Bars are great and pricing for gambling are cheap.

Stayed here a few times and will every time in the future!
Screw the Strip at $250/per night and extra $25 fridge rental.
Here it's all included: vault, fridge in a spacious, quiet room with nice golf course view.
There's Starbucks, deli, Fridays, seafood restaurant, bowling, theatre, spa, gym, etc.
Best part is it's $60 a night without the strip traffic.
I can't justify the higher priced Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio.
Rather have that money for dining, shopping, massages and spa treatments.
Can't wait for my next trip!

We stayed here for one of our weekend getaways and we loved it.
We had a room with a view of the golf course, which turned out to be better than expected.
We could see a lot of Las Vegas from our room.
The bathroom was big and had a huge walk i shower, but no tub.
Overall, definitely worth the stay.

I found the air quality in the casino to be very, very bad.
The smell of smoke was overwhelming except near the table games by the valet parking door.
Breakfast was tasty and well priced., but the smell of smoke lingered there as well.
Other casinos in Vegas do it much better.
This place is far away from anything, though there is mall going up across the street.
Given a choice, I'd 'donate' my money elsewhere.

Worst buffet I've had in a long time.
Since I bowl here, I will occasionally have lunch here.
It's usually pretty mediocre.
Today we went to practice our bowling, then decided to have lunch.
It was the so-called Sunday brunch.
It was almost $29 for two.
Every dish we tried was cold.
The place was busy too.
You'd think it would be at least warm with so much turnover.
Very poor management.

Not a Fancy Hotel but has a good casino and clean rooms..... and a great price..
I would go again

Rooms are huge!
Very clean and comfortable, great views, here for business, highly recommend!

We walked in through here to get to Cafe Sienna.
The exterior of the building is quite nice and this place is pretty big.
As soon as you enter the smell of cigarette smoke and the sound of the slot machines hits you.. .ting ting ting ting.. you know you are in Vegas!
They are open 24/7 - gambling and food!
The crowd here was much older, enjoying drinks, meals and gambling.
This wouldn't be my kinda casino to stay it but decent enough.

<SUMMARIES>
Hit or miss.
It's a casino, so it stinks of smoke.
Buffet is kinda bad and way overpriced for what you get, which isn't that great to begin with.
Rooms here are clean if you're staying in the hotel but they aren't fancy or anything.
I think there are better things to spend on.
Not saying it's bad, just not great.

