What made this place were the two young men working there on Sunday January 4th, 2015.
Courteous, knowledgable, evidently invested in what they are doing.....and it comes through in the food!
The addition of a bean salad would be a suggestion, not a criticism in any way.
Not a question of will I eat there again, it's when will I eat there again....well done guys.

Found out about this place on Yelp and came here on a weekday after work for takeout.
I ordered the chicken dinner (includes chicken, potatoes, rice, tzatiki, veggie salad (tomatoes, onions, greens, jalepeno peppers) and a pita for $13.
The staff there work very quick and all the ingredients are very fresh.. the chicken was notably very moist and flavourful.
The price point for a chicken dinner is a little higher than most, especially out in Aurora, but the portions are huge..definitely was enough to be two meals for me.
The store was very busy with seemingly regular customers coming in for takeout.

Omg...
I thought pita land was good until I tried this.
The portions are ginormous and its AMAZING AND DELICIOUS.
It is 100x better than pita land, would get this all the time if it wasn't so far.

Like all the reviews have said it.
This place is the best shwarma place I have been to.
Very fast service and the taste of the food is amazing

Best shawarma around!
1.
Totally worth your money.
2.
The owner gives pride on his work.
3.
Full filling( Costco size) 4.
Combos are great ( any choice in meat ) frie/salad and a pop.
Everything about this place is amazing.
Totally recommend  it to all my friends and family and no one is ever disappointed.
Best shawarma I have ever  had in the GTA

Excellent shawarma and falafel.
Huge portions and great flavours.
Poutine is big enough for two!

My expectations was  too much  perhaps, I was not satisfied with my meal, Mabe it was one off does nights, will try the shawarma sandwich next time

Best shawarma place north of Lawrence Ave in Scarborough.
Authentic flavour great quality and value sized portions make this place a regular on our families rotation of meals.

<SUMMARIES>
Oh man, this place has massive portions.
I mean, that right there makes it worth going here.
The shawarmas are delicious.
I can't comment on other food, but the falafel too was good.
Yeah the price point is a little high, but for what you get it's definitely worth it.
I'll definitely be coming back again to eat here.

