The worst customer service I've ever had.
I will never buy another item in any location ever again because of the manager and her staff.
I asked for a small bag and was rudely told "you need to buy something in order for us to give you a bag."
I guess the $1500 coat I was about to buy but threw back down wasn't enough for them.

Went to tgis Macy's with my friend to look for some shoes.
It was the busiest shoe store and it was a mess lol but salespersons were very helpfull.
Everyone there was nice and polite BUT Samuel!
He was amazing, I didnt have to ask him for a size when he already knew I need a size and asked me first.
It just took a look for him to know I needed help.
Samuel made my shoe shopping so much easier and fun.
I will definitely come back to this Macy's.
Great customer service!
WAY TO GO SAMUEL and THANK YOU SAMUEL.

I would usually never write a review on a Macy's but I felt compelled to do so because this is far and away the best Macy's I have ever visited.
Trust I have been to tons!The salespeople there were so friendly and helpful!
They had an amazing selection.
The shoe section was out of control busy but the salespeople were working their butts off to be helpful to people.I will go back here next time for sure!

I love shopping at Macy's especially the Macy's store at the fashion show mall it's really big and I am always able to find what I am looking for and the staff here is really friendly always going out of there way to help you find what you are looking for and answering other questions and the customer service is great and the store is always clean which is a plus.

Terrible service in ladies clothing until the young girl with the red hair rescued me!!!
She deserves a 5 Star!
The other lady that kept ignoring me while I was waiting should get a minus 5 if possible!
This was the Las Vegas location!

A big location with plenty of inventory.
On this trip we spent most of our time in the women's shoe section.
I loved that if you wanted to try on a shoe, they just scanned the code & then someone came out with your size.
However, it didn't seem to take any less time than if the floor associate had just gone and gotten them themselves.
I've been to plenty of Macy's that have looked run down and in need of a facelift but this location looked great.
There was 1 section that they were redoing, but other than that everything looked as if the store had just opened.
A great experience all around.

Early this morning, Macy's Shiseido offered many gift cards and free donuts from the world famous Donut Bar hosted on TV's Food Network and Travel Channel.
The store was full.
Great security in the parking garage.
There were so many people, they needed extra staff to help people park their vehicles.
Donuts and coffee, great for starting a last minute shopping rush for the holidays, especially for those families leaving town for the weekend.

im not the biggest macys fan but this one is my favorite!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is extremely busy and it leads to some somewhat poor customer service.
The staff does wind up working very hard, but ultimately they are just short staffed and need more people to keep up with the volume of customers.
The shop is very large though and generally they will have what you want in stock.
It can be a fun shopping experience but I just highly recommend that you visit them on a weekday or some other time when they are not that busy.

