By far the best food I have ever ate!
I don't just mean the best raw vegan food I mean the best food over all!
Fresh, colorful and simply delicious!
The staff is incredibly polite and professional.
I come to Montreal from NYC just to have a meal here!
Simply amazing!

My new sick obsession...
Ever wonder what live, raw, organic, vegan could taste like?
You will be pleasantly surprised!
Eating here is more than putting food in your mouth and chewing...it is a culinary experience that leaves you elightened both in the belly and in the mind:) As a dairy-intollerant sufferer for many years, this place is my haven!
A place where I am free to choose anything on the menu and indulge in EVERY delectable dessert is truly blissful.
Trust me...once is not enough!

This place is really great you need to experience it for yourself.
Very fresh, very yummy just come in and try it out for yourself....................................
..................................

I got the pesto lasagna and I personally loved the kale Cesar even more next time I will get the kale Cesar all for myself !
The staff are the sweetest and the ambiance is adorable casual chic good for every occasional what a nice place!!
I will definitely go back!

Wow this place is incredible.
We had an incredibly tasty healthy dinner.
I could not possibly complain about anything.
The food was delicious, and it was not heavy and the service was great.
I wish I lived in this town, I sure hope they come to So Cal soon!

Excellent vegetarian food makes you realize how tasteful vegetarian dishes are , the falafel sandwich and dishes of all sorts are not to miss , the desserts made from natural ingredients makes u crave for more , I will come back soon

I like their lunch express which includes a soup, a main dish and a small dessert: The Dahl soup is warm and spicy hot.
The roll is huge, it's stuffed with lots of vegetables.
The eggplant bacon inside the roll is flavourful and so is the nut pate.
The roll is served with a fresh salad on the side.
Which makes a satisfying and filling meal.
Raw food are usually made with a lot of nuts but some dishes on their menu can be requested nut free.

Is it normal to wait for a smoothie for over 15 minutes when there are only 2 tables filled with people in the entire place?
Service was super disappointing and no apology was even given after having to have waited so long to get served for takeout.
It almost felt as the priority there was given to the staff socializing amongst each other instead of putting customers first.
On another note after having waited this long my smoothie was watered down and bitter...I was in a rush so I just left.
Other than this the food is always great at your other locations but the attitude needs to be worked on at this specific location.

<SUMMARIES>
It was a really long wait for a simple smoothie.
The pesto lasagna was good though and the service was great as well.
A bunch of vegetarian options as well made my day.

