Hate this place lol.
If you like hanging out in dirty frat houses though, you'll love it.
This bar is very "cliquey" , poor set up- nowhere to stand & gets way too obnoxious on the weekends.
Bartenders SUCK - takes forever to be served & they don't know how to make anything.

I was pleasantly surprised with this place.
The buffalo burger was messy and tasty.
It was slightly gamey and slightly tame.
Pretzel bun rocked.
$5 pitcher on a Saturday night?
It don't get much better than this.
At least in Ohio it doesn't...

We play trivia here on Tuesdays quite often.
Decent for that, but the food is pretty consistent as well.
Very good Buffalo burger and tacos on taco night.
They usually have a deal going for every week day.
Fairly decent value and pretty good staff.
I know this sounds like a 3 star review, but for what this place is I have to give them the round up.
You will not be disappointed if you are looking for a sports bar with good service and value.

Cool atmosphere, awesome food, and cold beer.
Reasonably priced menu and they show UFC fights there if you're into that

The food was good, but the service was minimal.
The waitress had a few customers and was doing a favor providing service.
She worked on her laptop and from time to time looked around.

My softball team this summer was sponsored by Harry Buffalo.
We always came here after every game and I've always been really happy with their service.
Since they are our sponsor, we get 5 pitchers of FREE beer after every game.
Score!
Additionally their food is excellent if you're into fried greasy deliciousness.
Fried Provolone... helloooo I'm in heaven.

Great wings, cold beer, and friendly staff.
What more could you ask for?
They have a good fish fry menu as well.
If you are looking for a sponsor for your team, the Buff is the place to go.

Can't ask for a better place.
Amazing lunches, priced right and lightning fast!
Be sure to check them out and they open at 11!
Everybody else doesn't open until 11:30!
Highly recommend!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is pretty cool!
Its a great sports bar with food that will fill you up completely.
Its nothing fancy, but that's okay because the food is flavorful and delicious.
I had the buffalo burger and could barely move when I was done I was so full!

