Such delicious food and decently priced considering you are right on the strip.
The Long Beach sushirrito was probably my favorite thing on the menu and it is definitely one of my favorite.
Everything is so fresh and tasty and it feels great on your system.
It's definitely a must if you are looking for something delicious and fresh.

I liked this place.
I thought the service was really good and the food tasted delicious.
You can choose from a sushi burrito or a poke bowl.
I got the bowl and asked for half greens and half brown rice.
I wasn't a fan of how they made you pick a pre-made poke bowl because it didn't allow you to create your own creation.
Also, I felt like my bowl was drenched in too much sauce.
Other than that, this place was conveniently located and was an overall great experience.

I have to admit that I am a bit of a Sushi burrito snob.
I am a Sushirrito (San Francisco chain) fan.
Big fan actually.
Though, Jaburrito takes it to ANOTHER LEVEL!

This place was ok. Coming from LA where there are tons of "sushi burrito" spots, I thought I'd get something a little bigger and with more flavor.
It's a small meal for what you pay for.
Nothing special.
Might as well be called a poke place.
Not worth venturing out for.

After watching the show "O" at the Bellagio we stopped in to have a late meal.
I had the summer special Acapulco bowl.
It had flavor and the jalapeño had a strong kick, washed it down with Asashi beer.
It was extremely tasty and satisfying for the sushi crave.

I ordered the Redondo burrito like so many other Yelpers and it was fantastic.
I was watching them make the burritos and they put so much in them that even though it comes out small it is very hearty meal.
I also ordered a side of miso soup which had huge chunks of tofu in it.
The staff was extremely friendly and my food came out fast.
The price was very reasonable and there was a lot of seating both indoors and outdoors.
Can't wait to go back!

Unfortunately a restaurant that says it's open until 12a on Fridays but tells people they are closed at 11:56p and turns you away will get a 1 star from me!
Bad form JaBurritos...bad form indeed!

Sushi burritos are becoming quite the thing in Vegas; between them and poke places, there are an abundance of options around.
I've had the item at a few places, and my point of reference is Yoshi Burrito, the first place at which I had the dish.
That is, for me, a four out of five star place.
This is a three, because I think there are a bit fewer options, the burritos are a bit smaller, and overall, the accompanying flavors less compelling than that of Yoshi.
It's not a bad place, and if you're in the area, you certainly can do much worse, but overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to get there.

<SUMMARIES>
If you are hungry and in need of a sushi burrito spot, this is the place to go.
You can actually choose from a sushi burrito or a poke bowl.
They definitely make sure you are full when you leave because each option is loaded with tons of rice.
Every option is filled with many unique flavors that will have leave the place with a full stomach.

