Such a great experience!
They were very professional about calling ahead and giving time estimates.
They helped me move in an hour and I was surprised with how polite they were.
Also, they were affordable.
I'll be using them again!

Taurus moving has moved me three times in two years and they have been incredible every time.
The men are courteous of your time and your things.
As a single girl, they re assured me that all of my belongings would be moved quickly and carefully.
They even moved me from Tucson to Phoenix!
I would recommend this moving company to ANYONE because of how trustworthy, quick, courteous, and respectful they are.
I will be calling them again very soon :)

We used Taurus Moving last week and loved every minute with there wonderful crew!
David was great to talk too on the phone and was very professional.
Corey and his team was very experienced and had a great touch with our furniture.
Very pleased with their work and will use them again when our new house is built!

Used Taurus crew second time to move from apartment to new home.
The Taurus team did a great job moving all of our contents from storage &the apartment.
The care they took was appreciated, especially with an antique bookcase that Taurus moved in pieces and reconstructed perfectly in our new home.
Highly recommend.

Called and left 2 messages without a return phone call.
If this is how they treat you when they're trying to get your business; what will it be like when you give them the job.

These guys are amazing.
We needed to move quickly when I was unexpectedly put on bedrest at 6 months pregnant.
My husband and I moved here about a year before and didn't have friends and family to help out.
I purchased a Groupon for Taurus Moving hoping to make the process simpler and could not have been happier with the result.
David clearly communicated the process, any additional expenses and even tips to reduce the likelihood of overages.
Day of the move, they were on time, friendly and definitely hustled to get the job done as quickly as possible.
I would recommend to anyone in need of moving services!

UNIMPRESSED.
I did an online quote and never heard back.
It has been 5 days.
Very unprofessional.
I guess they do not want my business.
A company should not have an online quote system set up if they cannot respond to it in a timely manner.
RIDICULOUS.

Booked from 10-12p and confirmed the day before to show up at 10a.
Finally, showed up at 12:30p, so we ended up having to do most of the work ourselves.
Previously said that packing materials were included and then attempted to charge (didn't charge, but tried to).
Did an okay job packing, but wrapped valuables in the truck after carrying it outside which is dangerous.
Stayed for 1 hour and charged for 2 hours.
They even booked more work while doing my service which means they were not focused on my job.
Overpriced and unreliable.
Will not use again.

<SUMMARIES>
Taurus is a pretty good moving company.
I had tons of stuff in my apartment and they helped me get everything out in a couple of hours.
They were a big help.
It was a little annoying that they didn't answer my first online inquiry, but they ended up responding after I called and I'm happy they did.

