Holy pizza!
If you're not visiting Chicago anytime soon then this pizza joint is a must!
Hands down best deep dish pizza I've had in the GTA.
The crust is cooked well and the right amount of sauce, cheese and toppings is used.
I love the garlic sauce drizzle on top!
If your heading to mickeys just make sure you call ahead of time to place an order, or else they might be sold out!

Great pizza - both the thin crust and Chicago deep dish.
The meat toppings are grilled on site and everything is so fresh.
A little more expensive than your average pizza joint but definitely worth it.
I've ordered the Chicago style but thin crust with steak, mushroom, onions, with tomato sauce, cheese blend and sirracha drizzle is my favourite.
Not open for lunch and hardly any where to sit.
Calling ahead to place your order is recommended.

Awesome pizza shop with great employees that greeted us happily and made sure we were helped when we were ready.
They have an epic wall full of choices and a fun instructional on how to create an order.
We opted for the 'fresh Greek' deep dish and man they went all out on the toppings and the cheese was super stringy without the grease!
Overall the food was delicious, super filling so try going in on an empty stomach!
It is definitely a go to place and not a hidden gem anymore (obviously it's too good to be a secret) so be aware that it gets busy and spacing for dining in is limited.

Beats pizza pizza anytime of the day!
oh wait, I guess anything beats that place so it's not much of a complliment.
Been coming back to this place since summer 2011.
Amazing pizza( tons of choices), reasonable prices, exeptional service.

This was my first deep dish experience and it did not disappoint.
The baby size looks small but it's incredibly filling.
This isn't a place I'd hit up regularly, as it's fairly pricey, but I'll definitely be back next time I need to satisfy a craving for deep dish pizza!

They have deep deep dish pizza   just like Chicago    just  closer to home.
They got all the toppings your want.
And cheese fries   that are so   good

Amazing pizza.
Amazing ingredients.
Halal option.
Garlic bowl is killer.
Probably should not eat from here more than once a year :p

Where do i begin on this!!
The deep dish pizza here is AMAZING!
I haven't actually had the real thing but this pizza here.... Let me tell you its freaking amazing!
The toppings.... the crust.. the sauce and the SIZE!
Literally could have died and went to heaven right after eating a slice!
I made the mistake of getting a small since I had eaten before, but definitely won't make that mistake again!
Make the most custom pizzas and layer that bad boy up with toppings and free sauce...
It's almost too good to be true!
The only downside...
It's quite far :( Although I will definitely come back here!
Since I LOVE pizza!

<SUMMARIES>
I've gotta say, their pizza is absolutely amazing.
I can't really fault anything about this place.
Their deep dish pizza is awesome.
All I can say is that while their pizza sizes, especially deep dish might look small, it does not disappoint on flavor and filling.
They really are deep dish.
They also have a Halal option which is impressive as far as pizza places.
The employees here and friendly and really nice.
Service is top notch.

