I just ate here for the first and last time.
I had a gyro and side of rice.
when my food was ready I took it outside to eat with my Rotti as the patio is dog friendly.
as soon as I looked at my food I knew I made a mistake eating here.
there was a long black hair on the top of my food.
the gyro meat was paper thin and totally dried out like it had been sliced off hours ago and had a bad greasy taste to it.
the rice was odd, yellow and very small grain.
it tasted ok so I ate it.
I won`t be back !

Everything from the service to the flavors was on point.
Initially thought to try it out based on other reviews and was not disappointed.
Will certainly be back again :)

Awesome food!
very authentic, coming from MI, I've had it all over the place and this is right on par!
Tried their vegetarian falafel and dipitizer (roasted red pepper and jalapeno hummus).
Couldn't of had a better combo.
the GF always requests it when im in the area.
nice and clean and the owner is really cool and down to earth.

Stopped here yesterday and got take-out.
I've eaten at their other location several times and it has seemed like the food has slightly changed over time.
Not for the better.
I was very disappointed to see a man throw a bag of gray gyro meat chunks on the grill as I walked in.
So I guess they don't slice the meat fresh off a spit.
My daughter noted that her meat was weird in her gyro - some jagged chunks, large cubes, and thin slices.
The taste wasn't up to snuff either--likely from the less than optimal way it was prepared.
Their hummus was still good but could use a little more garlic or something.
I'll be taking a lengthy break from Pita Cafe.

The jalapeno hummus was very good and a little spicy.
The pita chips that came with it were nice and soft and warm.
I had the chicken shawarma and the chicken was very delicious as was the sauce.
I think this place will do well.

Nice small family owned cafe close to  Nothing Bundt Cakes.
We ordered the Gyro and Chicken Pita which each were $5.
Both were very good and tasty.
Just enough mayo on the gyro where it complimented the taste rather than took over.
This is a small cafe with around 15 tables and you walk in to a aisle leading to the counter to order your food.
I liked this place and for $5 how can you beat the price and this is a great alternative for burgers or pizza.
Will definitely be back again and try other items from the menu.

Just as awesome as the other location.
I love that this is a family run business.
This location is super clean, and I love that they have so many places to sit.
The food is always top notch, fresh and comes out fast.

Always loved this place...
But had a Mediterranean gyro .. Was really bad.
Soggy .. Lettuce bad and lots of oil !
The salad was not good either.. Was like it was sitting out for awhile.
Not fresh.
Bummer !

<SUMMARIES>
Like most places, when this first opened it was excellent.
Slowly though it has been going downhill and quality has been getting worse.
The gyro meat doesn't seem fresh and kind of weird looking.
I'd say avoid the gyros because they are pretty bad, but their other food is pretty good.
Service is ok too.
I was a little disappointed because I expected better from a family run business.

