Love this restaurant!
The food is absolutely delicious, full of flavour and definitely the best ravioli I've tried to date.
Our group shared the appetizer with cheese and cured meats.
I ordered ravioli, so delicious!!
I couldn't stop talking about it for days.
The portions are on the smaller side, compared to other Italian restaurants, yet even still, I was left with a feeling of satisfaction and a desire to order other dishes ( appetizer, and dessert).
Service was excellent , even during a busy  Friday night.
Definitely will come here again and bring my friends to try it!

A lovely little restaurant.
Food is slightly above average.
Did not like their pizzas.
They have nice wines.
Candle light is a nice touch if you are on a dinner date.
Not great for a group of friends though.

I always find the food reasonable and the atmosphere, lively.
Come by yourself and enjoy your dinner at the bar with a decent selection of by the glass wines.
Food is consistently good quality and well priced though not particularly exciting.
The dining room size is perfect for keeping the space well occupied, creating enough buzz but not feeling cramped.
Staff are usually knowledgeable and well mannered.
Avoid sitting near the kitchen as poor ventilation leads to some smokiness in the air.
Ok for groups.

This is an update to my rave review about the mushroom pizza with truffle oil.
Simply, it's no longer on the menu.
My next fave is Quattro Stagione.

Pro: good service and not too noise.
Con: substandard Italian.
Veal over cooked.
Pasta taste like its out of the box.
Bread not worth the calories.
Better Italian a few blocks away.

Came here for lunch on a weekday.. had the eggplant parmigiani.. server did not mention it being a sandwich when asked about this dish.. it was under the main dishes so I assumed it would be a main dish.. turned out to be a sandwich with unseasoned fried eggplant some bland sauce and a piece of mozzarella on it.. not worth the 18 dollars I paid for it.. my party the lamb sausage ravioli.. the sauce was watery had no consistency and it was also bland..
I do not recommend this place at all

Not sure why, but I've always viewed this establishment as the next option if Teroni's was too busy.
However, having tried it for the first time last week, Mercatto's is certainly a worthy first option if your looking for casual Italian food.
Service was excellent, decor was beautiful and a great selection of dishes on the menu, something for everyone.
Must try the iced cuppiccino, could be the be the best in the city.

the mercatto chain is always consistant!!!
good food for a reasoable price... much prefer it over terroni... less attitude and more willingness to please... had the magheritta pizza, scallops, clams and fritto misto.... all in for less than $70!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Although the food is a little pricey, it's a cute little restaurant with a good ambiance.
Their food is good, not fantastic, and the restaurant has an upbeat atmosphere.
As a plus, they also have good service and the restaurant is pretty consistent in terms of quality and service.

