The sesame bread is amazing.
The sandwich was huge but I ended up eating the whole thing.
Very very good!

Delicious.
Cheap.
Friendly.
Quick (if you want it to be!).
What more could you ask for?
The atmosphere at McGurkee's is reminiscent of an old town go-to with the friendliest staff in the valley.
The sandwiches are inexpensive and are, in my opinion, the best Italian subs in AZ.
Get the Sicilian if you want to know what a real sub tastes like.
Overall, go to McGurkee's.
It'd be impossible to leave disappointed.

Been going here since the late 80s.
A family run establishment, creating some of the best sandwiches in Phoenix.
From the toasted sesame rolls to the pickles and peppers, it's all about the details.
My personal favorite is the Super Sicilian.
Incredible!
Notable: The offer beer

just fell into this place today and WOW what a gem  GREAT sandwiches  I had the super sicilian and it was fantastic!
great meats  great toasted bread  great cheese and great dressing  wish I had found this place sooner  I will be back to try their pizza which is only served at dinner.
friendly staff and great service   one of only a few great sandwich shops I have found in Phoenix    a MUST TRY!

The food was okay.
I'd like to give them more stars, but I could get the same quality at a quiznos or subway.
I wouldn't recommend going out of your way for a sandwich here, but if your in the area it's acceptable.

Awesome sandwiches best bread, had the Pastrami Sandwich and it was a great experience with the homemade bread, pastrami meat and the condiments included, would not change a thing.
Did I mention the bread?
It is toasted and has a great taste and firm consistency.
The restaurant is an older quaint building which is nice and fun.
better 

One of the best sandwiches in town.

There is nothing not to like about this place, great sandwiches and a friendly staff of people working behind the counter.
Forget about the chains and give this place a try you willl be glad you did.

It's been a while since I've been in this place, and I figured it was time for a good sammie.
I've had a few of their sandwiches in the past, but today I got the Athenian chicken sandwich.
The sautéed onions and feta cheese adds a nice flavor to it.
I would recommend this place if you are in the area or for someone who wants to venture out from their usual sandwich joint.

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is fantastic, easily the best sub sandwiches in the Arizona area.
The staff are extremely friendly and will always go above and beyond in creating a delicious sandwich for you.
The shop is local and family run, so I definitely choose it over a lot of the large national chains that are all around town.
You will not be let down by the great food that they make here!

