The fresh water catfish is probably the best I've every had.
The service was outstanding.
I would recommend this little secret to everyone.

I loved everything about this place!!
Great food, great decor, and great service.
The best collard greens I have ever had.
We had fried oysters for a starter and although I have never had them before so I have nothing to compare them with they were very tasty.
The warm hush puppies with the honey butter was delicious!!
I had the crab legs which were perfect and plentiful.
My sister had the all you can eat fried catfish that was also cooked perfectly.
A great experience all around!
!

Amazing food and great service!
The hospitality was out of this world.
Will definitely be back soon.
The wait was less than 5 minutes at 7pm on a Friday night, amazing!!
The staff was very kind and the waitresses were very attentive and helpful.
We tried the frog legs, catfish, alligator bites, crab legs, gumbo and of course the hush puppies!
Everything was outstanding.
What a hidden gem!

I love this place the food amazing the staff helpful ....must try green tomatos ...fresh water fish ;^)

We love this place the catfish is good the hush puppies with that honey butter are awesome the french fries the gumbo what else is good there the alligator tail mostly everything on the menu.
I guess the only bad thing I can say is sometimes it's like a 20 minute wait in the drive-through but it's well worth it when your food is hot Because tonight I got to go home and warm it up it's not hot enough, Even though they're still open for another hour that was a bummer

Really tasty catfish, shrimp and fixin's.
Our friend took us to the sister location on Nellis a couple of months ago, but this location was more convenient to our hotel.
No worries, this place was just as good!
Excellent service, and the salad bar is a nice touch as well.
As a Bostonian, I'm pretty particular about seafood.
The Hush Puppy fits the bill.
Very satisfied!

First Time here and the food, staff was awesome.
Manager came over and gave us samples of the fried catfish, super nice.

I never eat catfish.
It's nasty to me until I tasted the saltwater catfish!!!
Greens are on point.
The hushpuppy are bomb with honey butter!!!!!
Gator bites where are ok.

<SUMMARIES>
Yummy and delicious catfish.
You gotta try it.
Friendly staff and service is good too.
You can tell they know their seafood and how to prepare and cook it to perfection.
The staff also answered any questions I had.
The Hush Puppies are tasty too.

