We came in kind of late (8:20 pm) yet they were graceful to find us a perfect table and make it super romantic and pretty.
We ordered the specials (mine was delicious shrimp with sun dried tomatoes and poetic& tasty spaghetti made al dente just like 5 stars restaurants in Europe).
My husband had chicken with delicious arrabiata sauce and egg plant graced by rigatoni pasta:)).
We were impressed and are huge plates of food even though we both are thin people.
We were blessed to order the tiramisu to go and enjoy it today.
Amazing!!
:)) I highly recommend this restaurant.

Excellent food, great atmosphere and delightful owners make for a great place to eat.
We will definitely come back.

I found Basil & Garlic Bistro on Yelp today and decided to try out this new place based on the reviews.
I had the 2-slices of pizza lunch special.
The food was really good.
Loved the cheese and thin crust.
Price was very reasonable.
The owners are really friendly and I look forward to trying the rest of the items on their menu.
While I was there a waiter from Grimaldi's stopped in to grab a couple of sandwiches to go.
Interesting!
The location is about 1/2 a mile north of Shea on 92nd Street, and currently there is road construction hindering traffic, but not too bad.
I look forward to trying their homemade Tiramisu!

Really, really, really good!
It's a small place tucked in a little strip mall, but we went for an early dinner and were seated right away.
We ordered a medium pizza and the spaghetti with meatballs plate and were very happy with our meal.
Our new favorite Italian place!

Have come back multiple times often ordering seafood pasta dishes which are always generous and tasty.
Their daily specials are almost always worth ordering.

You need to come here for the food alone.
It is so amazing!
We ordered pizza, pasta, and salad and everything was perfect.
The pizza was BETTER than the ones I had in New York!!!
It's a nice little family owned restaurant and the outside seating is beautiful.
I would definitely recommend this place.
Amazing food!
!

Claudio and Nadine, we want to thank you for such a pleasant meal last evening.
The Chicken Cacciatore and the Chicken Marsala were outstanding.
I enjoyed being able to watch Claudio work his magic in the kitchen.
The aroma's coming our way were outstanding.
We will be back and we will be bringing our friends.
Deborah Brewer & Michael Slominski

My mom found this place and it is a hidden gem!
We went for dinner with my two year old and everything was amazing.
My mom and I split the grilled chicken salad and between the two of us we couldn't finish it.
We ordered penne with red sauce for my daughter and thought we might get a couple of bites, but she ate every bit of it!
Everyone that works there is really friendly and we have already been back for round two!

<SUMMARIES>
This is a really good Italian restaurant.
They have some delicious pizza!
It just has a unique flavor that you can't get anywhere else!
They also have delectable pasta and salad to eat.
I definitely will be coming back for more!

