This was by far the best experience my husband and I have ever had.
We shopped around for months.
We called and spoke with Adam over the phone and negotiated the trade-in/new car pricing.
We drove three hours away to work with this dealership.
Everything we discussed over the phone and text was  exactly the same when we came into the dealership.
When we arrived to the dealership, we dealt with Rick Melara and he was beyond helpful and very pleasant to work with.
These guys were knowledgable, friendly and most importantly...
HONEST!!
They have our future business!

This place is terrible.
I wish I could give zero stars.
Everyone I dealt with was pushy and rude.
They wouldn't even let me browse the parking lot until I came in, and listened to a pushy rundown.
I am a middle aged woman, and have never been treated so poorly at a business before.
I wish I had read the Yelp reviews prior to wasting my time.
Please save yourself the trouble, and go to a different Nissan dealership.

March 5, 2015
Another 2 calls 10 minutes apart about the 2011 Nissan Juke warranty.
Peoria Nissan gave private information of mine to warranty companies.
This car was sold in Sept. 2013.
Aggravation by this company continues to mount, do they realize the error of their ways yet?
Reviews by most people are negative.

Working with Chris, our maintenance coordinator, was great.
He kept us well informed on the options available to us, explained exactly what the cost would be for each repair, returned calls promptly, and even took steps to help us get a better price.
The mechanics were also great to work with.
They explained clearly their rationale, took us back to see the problems ourselves, and never tried to sell us on something we didn't need.
The whole team was excellent to work with and we highly recommend them!

I just wanted to commend Internet Sales Manager John Breeser on his professionalism and excellent communication.
Peoria Nissan and John in particular went out of there way to accommodate my wife and I on a potential purchase of a new Nissan Juke.
He is extremely knowledgeable of the product and he consistently offered solutions to getting a deal done.
In this industry I consider John the gold standard.
I will refer John and Peoria Nissan to any potential friends/relatives that are looking for a vehicle.
Give John a try I'm sure you won't be disappointed!

Would give zero stars if I could.
Went to look at cars for my mom.
Within seconds of pulling into the parking lot we were swarmed by hyena's.
That should have been my sign to get out of there.
They lied about the prices and financing.
If they didn't lie then they are incompetent.
Either way horrible business practice.

I had my car in for service while I was at work when I was notified my daughter got hurt at work and was taken to urgent care down my Sky Harbor.
I called my service advisor Chris Rippey and he got the shuttle to come get me and had my car ready and had me out the door ASAP so I could get to urgent care.
I called him the next day to tell him how much I appreciated him expediting everything and he asked how my daughter was.
He was genuine and I appreciated that he cared.
I have had great experience and service in both the sales and service side of Peoria Nissan.
I highly recommend you come here!

Came here as my Girlfriend was trading in her Honda.
The staff and their customer service was awesome.
They met her expectations and beat the offer made by Honda.
Got to hand it to this team!

<SUMMARIES>
Not a great experience here.
Felt like I was back in high school being bullied.
Real pushy and they get rude if you don't do what they say or listen to what they say.
Definitely try to take advantage of women which is shameful behavior.
Really suspicious behavior.
I'm sure others might have had good experiences, but I did not.
Felt like I was in the middle of a scam attempt.

