Came on a Saturday night at 830.
All apps for a group of four were forgotten.
I expressed my love of spicy food to our server and I am an adventurous eater.
He recommended lamb masala.
It was Very bland even with eating all red peppers included.
Never offered a refill on our beers or cocktails.
Lousy experience and will be looking elsewhere for Indian.

This was my second time trying the buffet.
They change the buffet menu daily!
And it's only $9.99.
Everything we tried was delicious.
Buttered naan, lollipop chicken, paneer, spicy fried peppers.
Service was great.
So glad good Indian food has made it to Tremont.

Amazing food.
Being Indian I can say it's authentic.
The new dessert mango kulfi is out of this world.
The owners go out of there way to accommodate special food restrictions like food without onion and garlic.
Will come again.

One of the first Indian restaurants I've been in with a full bar with 2 pages of wine, lots of craft beer (at reasonable prices) and specialty mixed drinks.
It's a small, quaint comfortable place with benches and seat cushions (plus regular chairs).
We had 2 martinis- I thought the mango lassi martini was a great idea and tasty!
The menu had a great array of vegetarian options as well.
Items in blue are chef specials I had a mushroom chef special which was so good.
Would definitely come back.

We went fr the dinner ala carte, nd chose the vegetarian menu fr the nyt.. bad evening maybe, bt the soup nd starters were on a minus note, nd the gravy fr the maincourse wasn't tht great eithr.. hwevr, the naan nd othr bread varieties wer aromatic nd tasted amazing..
Overall, ths place s too pricy, scores fine for the ambience, bt the flavors r jst Ok..!
Definitely nt worth the tym nd money spent here..

Probably one of the better Indian food in the greater Cleveland area.
We were greeted right away and there was no wait.
We ordered and appetizer & our entrees at the same time.
The appetizer never came out but dinners did.
We didn't feel like asking for the appetizer since our entrees came out.
We ordered items off the tandoori menu and a curry dish.
All delicious.
Definitely be going back again!

Poor customer service, overpriced mediocre food.
Take your business somewhere to a more friendly restaurant.
I wouldn't go other again

Very welcomed addition to Tremont and such friendly staff!
Andrei is wonderful and takes the time to get to know his customers by name and remembers our likes and dislikes.
The chef was able to beautifully accommodate my nut allergy so I could enjoy the wonderful food!
I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone!

<SUMMARIES>
Their buffet is worth it.
It changes daily and is the same price every day.
Not the friendliest people here though and food, which authentic, might not be to suited to all tastes.
There is a bar here which is nice, albeit small, but comfortable.
Not too expensive considering what is offered.

