I thought this place okay.
The Beef Roll was just average, not a big fan.
The side dishes were okay ... cold cucumber, sliced tofu.
I did however really like the wontons in red chili sauce.

Although I am not a big fan of beef noodles, I still wanted to come here and try their other dish.
I ordered pig feet (i know, sounds scary) noodle soup.
I was not very impressed with it.
They were only 3 medium size pig feet in the soup, so it was not very filling.
I think the beef noodle soup would've been more filling.
But this place seems to be very popular as people kept coming in.
The turn over rate is pretty fast, so even if there is a line, i wouldn't think the wait would be too long.
If you are sick of buffets on the strip and feel like some hot (both temperature and spice) beef noodle soup, come and try this place.

The restaurant is really tiny and more of a cafe.
The beef stew noodle is so perfect.
Not too salty.
Just enough beef, bok choy, and handmade noodles to satisfy any appetite.
The pork chop noodle was also very good.
It is a milder soup but the saltiness of the pork chop helps to balance it.
The house-made chili gives everything the perfect kick and the burn pleasantly creeps up on you.
The wontons in red sauce are also spectacular.
I believe the red sauce has a vinegar base with hints of sweet and spicy.
The restaurant is the perfect place to go during the winter.

Nom nom nom nom nom.
My mouth is watering.
I think I'm due for a review too after eating here like everyday in November after discovering.
My mom visited in March and we THOUGHT about going here but were sketchy about the cash only policy.
I have seriously missed out since then because i LOVE this place.
The first time I came here my mom and I shared the beef noodle soup and the won ton soup.
Both were so amazing with lots of fresh cilantro and green onion!
It's def not a fancy place but this place has super great and flexible hours.
I think they are open until 2am on Friday/Saturday.
This is the perfect place to go on a chilly Vegas night!

The best beef noodle soup that we had so far in the US.
We live in California but never thought that we had to come to Vegas to find the beef noodle soup that we've been looking for!

Love this place...the best soup...I love those cucumbers...and very friendly stuff ...

beef noodle soup and the pork/veggie dumplings are just what the doctor ordered.
this 1-2 punch of savory goodness is gonna make your face royal-flushed when the sweet sweet msg kicks in.
almost missed my flight out of vegas cuz of this meal but it was still worf it.
l'oreal.
the wifi password to this place is 12345678. is this real life?

Zero star .......
They have really bad service... Wrong order, bad attitude, even worse, no apology for their mistake.....  And their food are horrible x 5....I will never ever come here again

<SUMMARIES>
This is a decent place to go for Chinese food.
I really like the beef noodle soup.
It has the perfect amount of salt.
i wish the place wasn't so small and stuffy.
I just didn't feel comfortable at all.
Next time I'll just place a to go order.

