Great service and clean restaurant.
Tonkotsu was excellant.
Nice thick broth and with a little chili oil really hit the spot.
Gyoza was excellent and not overfried like some other places.
Will return!

I recommend the Hachi Special Ramen, the broth was delicious and the noodles cooked just right.
We also tried the Chashu Fried rice which we'll definitely be ordering again.

This place is great!
Small place but so good!
The chef taught us about Ramen and what he learned from studying ramen in Japan!
Really interesting!
Definitely coming back!!
!

The BEST ramen in Phoenix.
They feature tonkotsu, miso and soyu flavored soups and delicious pork in ramen.
The owner has trained in Japan before coming to Arizona and the quality rarely sway dramatically compared to other ramen restaurants when the owner is away.

Best ramen I've had in Phoenix for a very long time.
Tradition tonkotsu ramen, shoyu, and a fantastic miso broth are on the menu.
The goyza is perfect.

Hachi Ramen is delicious!
It is just like being at a small ramen shop in Japan.
They focus on their broths creating complex and amazing flavors.
I have tried two of the ramen flavors, their small plates and desserts and have been floored each time.
This is the best ramen in the state and I highly recommend it.

The food here was just ok.
The broth was amazing, but my noodles weren't done right.
Some were cooked perfectly but others were chewy.
Probably will not come back

Tonkatsu ramen is the bomb!
No MSG and broth is so good!
The pork is melt in your mouth and not too fatty.
The egg has a little infusion of soy, ginger marinade that is extra special!
Owner talks to customers and takes great pride!
I will be back!
I'd take a picture but I ate it too fast!

<SUMMARIES>
The Ramen here is absolutely wonderful.
As good as saying it might be the best I've had in a long time.
They don't add MSG to their broth which is really awesome because some people are sensitive to MSG.
Quality is nearly always top notch here.
Definitely coming here again.

