Stayed here for one evening.
Check in was smooth and easy!
Ben was awesome and very welcoming.
He shows interest in each customer he is dealing with!
First time visiting Arizona and he had good advice on the area.
The hotel was pretty clean only problem was the outside light never tired off later in the evening so it felt like we had a night light.
Very refreshing pool.
Would return again!

Find yourself a better spot.
No receptacle next to the bed for medical equipment.
Toilet must be really old, they're low, like for kids.
The phone was broken and they never sent anyone to fix it.
Only one hand towel for two people.
Cabinet next to sink to hang clothes with no hangers.
One bar of soap for hand sink and shower.
You get the idea.
The room seemed reasonably clean.

Best value for the money in Scottsdale.
Recently renovated rooms look more like something out of Vegas for two-thirds the price of nearby competitors.
Staff is incredibly accommodating.
Stephanie is a closet Victoria's Secret model and a sweetheart.
She helped me look through the maid's trash to find a discarded piece of paper (my buddy's fault, not the hotel's).
Also, someone may have gotten sick on the sheets and they didn't charge us extra.
I'm stopping now.

Staff was friendly and my 1 night stay was without a hitch.
The room was clean and the pool was relaxing.

I heard Amanda the manager sells crack out of the back office.
But seriously.
Amanda was the most unpleasant, rude hotel staff person I've ever had the misfortune of meeting.
Charged $25 for an early check-in then failed to notify us that our room was ready.
Woke up our driver to inform him there's an 8 person limit per hotel room.
We have 8 people and 2 hotel rooms.
When we informed them of their mistake they kicked us all out and called the police.
Apparently the police didn't find Amanda's crack stash in the back office (thank me for the tip later Officers!)

Great place to stay!!
Rooms are big and clean.
The linens on the bed were great too!!
Stayed here while the Ironman competition was in town and it was still nice and quite.
Will definitely stay here again!
!

This place is noisy and the service is poor.
There is never more than one person at the front desk resulting in massive delays.
Skip this place - and look elsewhere.

Super nice for the price.
Have to love getting every penny's worth.
Nice lobby and service.
Room really plush for $44.
Big screen HDTV and king size bed.
Comfortable and sleek.
Great deal.
Will recommend for sure.

<SUMMARIES>
So this place is just average.
The service is pretty bad and there are some questionable rumors going around.
On the plus side, the rooms are pretty good and nice for the price you pay.
They have HDTVs too now which is a plus, not some old school CRT TVs.
The pool is nice and relaxing.

