Very wide selection of macaron and eclair.
Taste very good!!
I had pistachio eclair and Dark Chocolate Sesame macaron.
Both eclair and macaron taste very nice - all flavours are so natural and not overly sweet.
The pistachio paste inside the eclair is nicely made.
The dark chocolate and sesame flavours are well balance that they won't over power each other.
The store is very clean and chic; I spent a very nice afternoon there.
Although it is an up-scale french bakery, the staff working there are not pretendious; they are very friendly.
They recognize I am a new customer and came to check out if everything was good.
Service is great!

Really enjoyed this place!
New fav spot for macaroons!
I'd recommend the salted caramel, red velvet, creme & hazelnut.
They have other exotic flavours like blueberry lavender, lychee raspberry, etc.
You can ask for a glass of water and enjoy your treats on their patio.
A box of six is $13 approx.
And each one is $2.25

This place is a pastry heaven when you walk in.
The eclairs, macarons, cakes are absolutely gorgeous looking.
I've had the eclairs and macarons.
Eclairs are very good!!
The shoe pastry is stuffed full!!
I tried their mango passionfruit and it was YUM!
Macarons were perfect and a bit cheaper than nadege so I'm definitely going back.
These pastries make excellent presentable little gifts for family and friends :)

Stopped in just to check it out.
The cakes are gorgeous and everything looked yummy.
I went home with two macaroons, blueberry lavender and vodka cranberry and I will definitely be going back to try the many other flavours.
They were by far the best macaroons I've ever had!

I was quite excited about this place due to the visual presentation of their baked goods.
Got 6 macarons and 6 eclairs which were packaged in a nice velvet box.
They had some cool flavor combos for the macarons but flavor wise, it fell short.
The eclairs were okay, didn't have a crisp bite to it.
However, they are presented really well.
There are better spots on queen west.

Delysees has got to be the best French bakery/patisserie in Toronto

I have been here twice - first time for macarons and the second time for croissants.
They have decent coffee drinks here but the pastries definitely takes the cake (pardon the pun)

Really great tasting macarons - lots of different flavours and priced reasonably.
The fresh croissants are like fluffy heavenly pillows - so buttery, flakey and soft.
I would eat these daily if I lived closer.
Their eclairs look absolutely stunning but I haven't gotten around to them yet.
Definitely looking to come back to Delysees to try their other offerings!

Beautiful interior, delicious sweets, and luxurious drinks.
This is a gorgeous place and the desserts are wonderful!
Definitely try the cheesecake, to die for!
Also the hot drinks are very nice in this cold weather!
The owner/workers are super sweet too and they are passionate about what they do and will help you pick if you cant make a choice!

Love everything!!!
Its hard to choose my favourite but if I have too...it will be the gold eclair!!
( Its a must try!!)
its a dark chocolate with hazelnut yummmmmmyy!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Wow, where to start with this place?
Delicious pastries and food!
Yummy cakes, yummy macarons and eclairs.
I can tell they care about their food and put all their effort into creating delicious foods.
They also have other things like coffee, etc, but I never tried to the coffee.
I'm sure it's good though.
You can go here and just never run out of things to try, there's so much stuff.

