It was a great experience it's self.
Me and my wife have never done this before we have been sky diving something similar just a different adrenaline rush.
Our crew was great very outgoing and talkative.
We just didn't like our instructor john.
We lost our camera for a second and we where looking for it when our instructor john told me to shut up and pay attention.
Lucky I didn't grab him by his long hair and wooped his old ass and send him to get a perm.
But other than that it was great :)

This is an outstanding adventure if you are visiting Phoenix.
Right from the outstanding customer service of Beverly in the office to the ground crew and pilots, this is a first class service.
For anyone wanting to go I make one recommendation:  do this at the beginning of your Phoenix adventure as it is very dependant on the weather.
We had our adventure rescheduled twice due to high winds and weather.
Do not wait to the last day, you may be disappointed if it is rescheduled.

Highly recommended!
!...Hot Air Expeditions company, Captain AL and Kyle made everything perfect for me and my son's (Miguel) first hot air balloon ride.
We booked the sunset flight and we were fortunate enough to have the perfect weather and the perfect sunset.
We ended up the perfect day with a champagne toast, big smiles in our faces and a great experience that we will forever treasure from this amazing company...

Had a lovely flight this morning with CAPTAIN Al and Crew Chief Seth.
(We were the quiet ones.).
It was beautiful and relaxing; the staff was entertaining and skilled.
Highly recommended.

We had a fabulous experience.
The staff were amazing especially Steven our driver and Mike E our pilot!!!
5 stars for sure!

One of the best vacation adventures ever!!
The staff worked with my disability (not all companies would!!)
and went overboard to be sure the experience was safe, fun and memorable!
I had no idea how much work went in to launching a balloon.
Thank you for the educational and fun adventure!

WOW!
What an amazing expedition that my best friend and I will never forget.
From the moment we arrived until the champagne toast and picnic breakfast at the end we had a very memorable experience.
Captain Mike D was AWESOME!
His experience, knowledge and commentary made the ride enjoyable and our Crew Chief Al was a super human super star.
Thank you for a terrific time!

I went on a balloon ride with Hot Air Expeditions for my birthday and it was an absolutely amazing experience.
I really appreciate the staff for being so friendly and helpful.
I flew to AZ from Chicago for the experience and it was well worth it.
Walter was my pilot and he was great.
He had a lot of knowledge of the area and explained the history of what we were flying over and seeing, as well as provided recommendations for other things to do when we landed.
The crew provided breakfast and a birthday cake for us which was really sweet.
I have nothing bad to say about this I recommend Hot Air Expeditions over the competitors.

<SUMMARIES>
Appointments can be rescheduled due to weather, but it's worth it to make the time.
They offer a great opportunity for adventure, and will provide a memorable experience.
The staff can be hit or miss but are generally knowledgeable and fun to work with.
They are willing to work with you on any accommodations you might need.
They will also give you some history of the area and recommend you some other activities to do if you're interested.

