I just officially had the best sushi in AZ if not in most of the country.
I let the chef select and everything was amazing.
Soy sauce would be a sin to put on this.
Tuna, yellowtail and a stripped bass.
I'm still waiting for my "special roll" and I can't wait.
Don't let the outside fool you.
This place is legitimate!

We live in the neighborhood and are super happy to have this spot in the hood.
We leave ourselves in the hands of the chef and he takes such good care of us.
I've tried new things - Saba - Uni- and old favorites.
They have a ton of rolls but we've been very happy with sashimi and nigiri.
Now they have live music on Friday nights and it's just a nice friendly low key neighborhood spot.
Give it a try!

Disclaimer - we went on a Monday night (birthday dinner), which violates my rules of sushi in Phoenix (don't go on Mondays)

We got a nice assortment of nigiri and maki.
The nigiri was pretty good, and they had some pretty interesting maki, too!
The presentations are very nice.
Also, for appetizers...Ninja Tears - how can you not?
(Jalapeño popper type things - tasty!)
Some of the folks at the table ordered ramen, etc.
too.
Very nice, and we'll have to try it again on a weekend sometime soon

Blue Sushi is fantastic.
I used to eat at Pure... not anymore.
Just by dining here once, it's evident that decent portions, great service, and excellent food quality are all things that you get at Blu.
I wouldn't get sushi anywhere else.

Nothing special here.
Daughter and I both had the 6 piece nigiri combo for $20.
We stopped by after her volleyball game since the yelp reviews were good and we were close by.
The rice fell apart under the nigiri pieces.
The fish slices were slim and the quality was the same as Teharu(cheap and easy).
The spicy tuna roll that came with the combo was bland and smushy.
40$ later, I'd rather have spent my sushi bucks elsewhere.
Plus sides: clean, nice interior, patio.
Service was typical.

We can here last Saturday night and had the best experience!!
We were greeted by Jinny the owner and had the best service by her!!
She truly goes above and beyond.
She suggested a winterberry cocktail which was amazing considering I don't drink cocktails.
It was made with Tito's vodka and fresh juice, none of that premade mixer crap.
Then had the smoked salmon nigiri which was perfect, then the fire blue special roll and the blazing shrimp.
Both were amazing but the blazing shrimp was my favorite, spicy but not kill you spicy.
All in all we will be back and highly recommend to anyone looking for a good sushi place!k

Another awesome meal at Blue Sushi; went to celebrate my daughter's university acceptance.
I don't even look at the menu anymore.
I just talk with the staff and let them choose.
We splurged on the super fresh Bluefin Toro that was spectacular,  The special rolls for the day included a King and I roll that had a spicy Thai finish; super yummy.
This is now our GOTO sushi joint.

Fresh fish, great prices, and the staff remember you and greet you with a warm smile upon your return.
I have been here at least a dozen times and the food never disappoints.
My favorites are the sushi tapas section...creative flavors combined with buttery, mouth-watering fish.
Yum Yum!

<SUMMARIES>
This place makes probably the best sushi in all of Arizona.
They give you a good value for your money, but the prices are a bit high.
The staff and owner are extremely friendly and willing to help you pick out some sushi that you will love.
All of the food comes out fresh, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to try some sushi!

