Overpriced Menu $26 for burger.
Ordered margarita and was asked three times on how I'd like it made.
I specified each time the fresh squeezed lime was fine.
They suggested mixing it with lemonade and again, I told them the fresh lime was how I wanted my drink made.
After ten minutes of waiting the drink was finally made and I watched a fellow bartender drink from my drink.
He also allowed a customer sitting at the bar to try the drink.
Then the server took the drinks to us.
At which point we walked out.
Don't waste your time.
There's plenty of other places in the area.

Very tall beers and excellent waitress.
Truffle fries are excellent.
Maple burger was good but the bun was not good.
Too bready.
Takes away from the burger deliciousness.
Amazing bacon on the maple burger.
Bun just takes too much away.
Get a new bun!

I absolutely love this place!
Great atmosphere in the patio, bar and dining areas.
Food is fantastic!
The Lobster roll and Maple burger are my faves!

Not impressed with the menu at all.
Burgers and hot dogs?
One of our guests wanted vegetarian and the ONLY option was a veggie burger...in 2015!.
Wine list is trying to impress with all the high end wines but very little in the mid range and almost nothing from regions other than US France and Italy.
With all the places to eat around here this one is a complete pass.

Nice ambiance, the drink menu is brought to you on an Ipad...
COOL.
Loved the mirror that allows diners to see directly into the kitchen, foodies dream.
I had the petite filet and the truffled mac and cheese with the Rioja wine YUM.
The New York Cheesecake was sooo good!
Service was excellent as for Morbina she was awesome.
It is a bit on the pricey side.

Our party scheduled a reservation for news years eve the day before.
We originally scheduled it for 6:30 p.m.
However, we had a family member playing a hockey game @3:30 on New Year's Eve.
We knew we would be late so we called the restaurant and they said we have a 15 min.
Grace period.
So we arrived at 6:44 (1 min to spare) and they said we lost our reservation and the hostess table was extremely unprofessional and laughing and blaming it on us and was just being straight up rude.
However the server was fantastic.
After seeing this review we received an email with an apology and we appreciated it greatly.

Phenomenal service and tasty food.
Ordered the fried chicken sandwich with parmesan truffle fries - both were delicious.

When it first opened I tried their Valentines menu and I was disappointed.
At that time the only thing I liked was the bathroom.
Decided to give it a try two years later and the food was delicious and so were the cocktails.
Shrimp cocktail - huge shrimp 
Ravioli - Good 
Lobster Mac and Cheese - Delicious big chunks of lobster 
Tuna tartar - Delicious 
The staff was very nice and polite.
The bathroom this time was very disappointing it did not smell good and was not clean.
Overall I had a better experience the second time.
I will be back in the summer

<SUMMARIES>
This restaurant is a little bit overpriced, but when you get something that comes out perfect it's often worth it.
The menu options are rather meat heavy and are a bit limited for people that are vegetarians though so keep that in mind.
Other than that though they make some great entrees, their cakes that are made in house are fantastic, and the truffle fries are a real treat as well!

