So delicious, but so expensive!!
Had the Nutella peanut butter shake as well.
Less bang for your buck, but decent splurge once in a while.

The burgers are jucy but too oily which I don't like.
Below my expectations but still worth the try.

Oh my Glob.
This is THE burger of Toronto.
It's delicious and juicy and fresh, the fries are great, the staff are friendly and don't try to upsell you.
They just recommend the House Favourite, the basic "Holy Chuck" burger, because it is just DE-Lish.
We went today for the boyfriends birthday, and he got the Holy Chuck.
I wanted to try something new and got the misunderstood breed.
While it was good and interesting, I still recommend the Holy Chuck more.
The bacon patty overpowered the freshness of the beef patty so it wasn't as enjoyable.

Our go-to burger place.
You can taste the difference in the quality of the meat.
It has the most interesting burger combinations and the best shakes of any burger place.
And it's not pretentious with it's menu.
Highly recommend.
One tip though: the St Clair location has much better and more amiable service than the Wellesley location.

SO FRIGGIN GOOD, only problem is that they don't let you add or subtract ANYTHING.
Other than that, it was so delicious.
BUT!
If you're going to get the truffle fries, I would highly recommend you staying away from them.
they taste more like PEPERCORN... "Truffle fries" shouldn't taste like peppercorn!

Best damn burger I have ever had !!!
Can't wait to go back and try the Nutella and sea salt milk shake!
You will definitely not be disappointed.

What's great: Gluten - free bread.
Soft.
Tender.
It sticks together when you bite.
What's not great: Makes you feel a bit sick after eating their signature burger.
It's pretty fattening, but hey, if you love meat and think it's lame to be on a diet, this could be for you!
Service: Friendly and fun.

This burger was AMAZING!
I haven't tasted meat this good before.
The fries aren't really worth it, but I had the holy chuck and was astounded.
Super nice staff too.

<SUMMARIES>
This is without a doubt the best burger in Toronto.
No one even comes close to having what they have.
They have a variety of options to choose from on burgers and have an amazing selection of milkshakes.
The Nutella milkshake is an absolute must for any first time visitor here.

