Sooo good!
Their freshly made bread is the perfect pocket for their sandwiches.
Have tried both the spicy chicken sandwich and the chicken plate.
Both were amazing, the chicken is juicy and grilled to perfection with that amazing charcoal taste.
My only complaint with the plate is the haphazard salad, literally some iceberg lettuce, tomatoes and cucumbers, dry with no dressing.
That with the fact that the eat-in area is very dirty and poorly maintained is the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars.

I went there last week, had the kafta-kebab sandwich and it was absolutely STELLAR, good bread and nice, spicy meat.
The decor is whatever but for very good, spicy kebab, this is seriously excellent.
I will definitely come back!

Meat and bread cooked to order.
Spicy chicken sandwich was mouthwatering and tasty.
Kabob plate was also good.
Unfortunately one person in our party got a bad case of food poisoning.
Not sure if we would go back again.

I waited a while because there were three people with the same name as me and someone took my spicy chicken sandwich... And I STILL give them 5 stars because it was just that good!
!

This place literally has the best chicken sandwich I've ever tasted.
The chicken itself is moist, charred, and flavourful, and really stands out as the star of this establishment in my opinion.
Their bread is baked fresh and is just awesome.
It's sort of a small place so it might get kind of crowded if you're planning on eating there.
Take a sandwich (or 2!)
to go - trust me, it's worth it.

Walked into this place and was greeted with a smile.
The owner was very friendly.
I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich and was not disappointed.
The bread was fluffy and fresh and the sandwich was loaded with chicken.
I will definitely be coming back here to try the filet mignon sandwich as well.
For $6.50 the sandwich is a great deal.
The combination of freshly grilled meat with fresh veggies make this sandwich mouth watering.
I can't wait to get my next sandwich.

Food was good, though I wasn't impressed with the quality of the lamb.
The guy operating the cash register was a huge jerk (maybe because I'm a foreigner?)
and he rounded down my change to the nearest dollar...
Atmosphere was fine, nothing special.
It's not super cheap either, about $10 for a sandwich.
Go for it if you're a sandwich/kebab fan, otherwise try something else.

The good:
Very friendly and warm service
Lamb has great flavor
Bread is fluffy and warm and amazing

The bad:
Lamb was super fatty.
I had to remove half of the meat because it was all gristle and uck.
From all the other positive reviews I'm guessing I just got the blubbery ends, but it's the blubbery ends I got, so else can I review?

<SUMMARIES>
The food is amazing, workers are some of the friendliest I've experienced and seemed happy to see me.
If I had to leave a complaint it would be that the lamb wasn't the greatest and even a bit fatty.
Definitely the place to go if you're looking for a great atmosphere as well as a great sandwich or kebab.

