I got the roast duck won ton noodles.
The noodles were good and firm and the wontons were 100% shrimp which was very good.
The roast duck and roast suckling pig was bland.
But not bad for the prices.

Lost on the shuffle.
Lucky i had extra time.
Ordered soup noodles with beef brisket and tendon.
Normally very fast as everything is already cooked.
They had to ask me about my order 3 times after I asked them to check on it after waiting for 25 mins.
When the food finally came, taste was good and portion was pretty big.
Beef tendon and brisket noodle... the tendon was sooo soft and gooey.... mmm.
but I had to deduct a point for the service mishap.
and it wasn't busy yet...

Always fantastic food with great prices.
I went every weekend for a month in the summer.
The owners are always friendly.
If you are going later in the evening or late, don't order the tea (milk tea) or coffee.
They boil it all day and by then its completely gross.
But other wise, I've never had a bad experience here.

Food portions were small and nothing special.
Bonus its its open late.

- solid chinese eats
- it gives me a good feeling when a restaurant is full of people.
and this one normally is.
(especially those of the same ethnic background as the cuisine)
- if ever i have a craving for congee or roasted pork on rice, i'm here.
- oh and it's mad cheap - which is a nice bonus.
i dig healthy competition.

The price point is a little higher than the places I frequent in Richmond Hill/Markham and the selection is smaller, but if I ever craze decent, solid, authentic Chinese food when I'm downtown, I come here!

Initially went to Chinatown to eat beef brisket noodle soup at Kings Noodle but they were closed on Wednesdays.
Walked down Dundas and found this spot, decided to try it and as really surprised.
The noodles were tasted good, much more generous portions compared to Kings Noodle and they were the same price.
Would recommend this place!

This is an awesome place you can go for Chinatown area.Nice service ,delicious food,and what you need more?

<SUMMARIES>
Service can be a little slow here.
The noodles are really good.
I think it's a bit expensive though for what you get.
There are other places that are cheaper but I don't know how they taste, so I can only comment on here.
It's definitely worth checking out though.
I had to wait a bit for my food but still pretty good experience.

