This is our second visit to this establishment and our server, Jarred, was excellent.
We had the luncheon menu and were suitably impressed.
I gave the first review of this restaurant and came away very satisfied and knowing that I will return.
The second visit did not disappoint.
The ambience, employees, menu and quality of the food is all above par and worthy of your visitation.

Late night went for apps.
Calamari and meat balls had been recommended by server ...tried both.
Both good.
Service was friendly and good.

Great patio, great menu, and absolutely great servers too.
Jamie was absolutely amazing he's a 5 star server!

Awesome place I love the hot wings however it would be better if there were more choices for wings I thinks I would be happier and a lot of other people would be.

The food is more like 3* not bad for a fancy bar but nothing that makes you want to come back.
But the place is noisy, even at 1:30pm with distorted music in the background.
The kicker though is that for 7 of us we were told they would automatically apply 18% gratuity...
So the server could not care less.
We had to ask for waters, for drink refills and overall she was as unfriendly as it gets.
Why bother earning your tip if you know you are getting 18% no matter what.
So not really recommended.

Awesome menu, great atmosphere and tremendous service....

Lively crowd and overall very FUN and ENERGETIC environment 

Best restaurant in Oakville for sure

Good Ambience.
Young vibe.
Helpful Staff.
Food was Good.
Expensive place.
I ordered I don't remember the exact name of the dish but it was a Chicken curry which comes with some rice which was good.
They have a decent cocktail menu.
We were a group of 6 people and out of all the cocktails/wines that we ordered, the biggest serving was of "yacht club" cocktail.
So, If you want a value for money, generous quantity cocktail, order the vodka based "yacht club" cocktail.

A regular here for drinks and small bites.
It's always packed here so it has great energy.
The food is pretty good including the calamari and the meat ball app.
The burgers are also very good!

<SUMMARIES>
Great place with overall great vibe and atmosphere.
The menu is also great.
There is lots of fun to be had here and always busy.
The employees are nice and friendly and the food is really nice, as is the drinks.
You gotta try the cocktails.

