The Almond Croissant is SO good!!
I am scared to share this because I want to keep this secret to myself.
I have made sure to come here for breakfast ans I save room for dessert.

If you love the desserts in Studio B Buffet in the M Hotel but don't want to wait in the massive buffet line or even eat in the buffet, Baby Cakes in the M Hotel is really nice fix.
With their yummy gelatos and mini cakes, one must have a really good reason not to step into this place.
Mini desserts for $1.50 really cannot be beat!
Well, actually, the only good reason that I can think of is that you are eating at Studio B Buffet.
BUT other than that, there isn't one good reason for me to not visit this fabulous establishment for a bit of sweetness if you are in M Hotel anyways.
No excuses!
Yum!

Awesome!!!!!
Had the white on white cupcake red velvet cupcake and strawberry cheesecake all three was fire lol will definitely go back oh yeah they have great brewed coffee

I live close by and I love going here every chance I can get.
I usually get milkshake or a fruit tart because those are my favorite things here.n
But basically everything I've tried here is really wonderful and I recommend going if you're up for a little snack or something sweet.

Checked into M resort and was starving...thankfully I walked around and went into this cute little bakery.
I was drawn to the Cronuts and wanted the cinnamon one...the lady behind the counter suggested the chocolate one, so I got both.
OMG, it was delish!.
It was a nice size and the flavor was dang good.
I did prefer the chocolate one over the cinnamon one.
I later tried the pumpkin bread they have seasonal, its in slices--soo moist and yummy!
Try this little bakery if ur at M...soo delicious!

I LOVE PASTRIES.
That being said, the latte was pretty good.
I feel like I should have gotten one of everything but in a rush to get to the airport I ordered a chocolate croissant.
Although tasty, I prefer the chocolate to be consistent throughout the entire pastry, not just a clump in the middle.
I wish yelp let you review restaurants in European cities because the Chocolate Pistachio croissant at La Durree in Paris is the closest the to heaven I've ever tasted.
It's worth a trip to Paris just to have a treat and cafe creme at La Durree.

Is it possible to walk by this spot in the M Resort and not immediately start salivating?
No, it's really not possible.
So much dessert goodness!
I always stop and stare at the glass case and contemplate what I am craving the most.
And all of the desserts look so pretty and well put together.
But, in the end, 98% of the time, I just go for the gelato.
And it is some really great gelato.
Hint: Go for two scoops and choose two different flavors that compliment each other.
Personally, the mix of coconut and chocolate chip is a fav.

This guest review is written by Claire, my inner fat girl.
ME WANT FOOD!
ME LOVE BABY CAKES.
Individual sized desserts are perfect for eating three to five at a time.
Baguettes should be bought two at a time because the first one is unlikely to survive the 10-minute drive home.
Apropos of nothing, Jay needs to start keeping European butter in the glove compartment.
So don't just sit there.
Carb me.
I SAID CARB ME.

<SUMMARIES>
Wow, where to start?
Some of the best sweet foods I've ever had.
I wasn't sure what to try, so I tried a few things, and oh my goodness they were delicious.
That's not all though, they serve drinks too so I got a latte and that was good too.
There is a lot of variety here to choose from that'll make any sweet tooth salivate.
Definitely a good place!

