The best chefs in the world have their restaurants here, so do the best artists also come perform in Vegas.
If that's not enough, most casinos have great accommodations, with fantastic pools.
Yes, and you can smoke, drink, eat foie-gras, shoot exotic guns, skydive, get a massage, do a little gambling, and dance the night away!
Las Vegas is the playground for adults.
If you fancy haute cuisine, put in some effort and dress the part, and you will get the best table.
Vegas favors the best dressed people in town!

Empty soulless desert dirt box.
This city has everything for sale and not much of actual value.
The psychology that went into designing and executing this all consuming money trap is as impressive as it is pernicious.
You can do everything under one roof if you like, everything except improve your humanity.
If you have a soul or a brain I recommend never visiting this garbage city.

Not the greatest city to live in.
The city has a huge dog shit problem!
All the white trash people and dumb niggers let their dogs shit on the public sidewalks and street.
Horrible education system.
Not the ideal place to raise a family.
Good for vacation.
Then run!

From the slot machines upon arrival at the airport to the larger than life variety buffets, everything is just over the top.
I guess everyone has to visit at least once in their lifetime and you'll be amazed or totally disgusted?
:)

The hotel setup that mimics everything, you can have a little piece of Italy, France, New York, Egypt, pirates, classy to ghetto fabulous, you name it, you can and will have it.
Btw, Elvis, Marilyn, everyone is in Vegas!
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas + Ka-ching $$$$ !

Check out buistyles.com for tips on how to save you money on activities and top things to do in VEGAS!

Las Vegas is easily one of the greatest cities in the world.
Often times with tourists who never leave the Strip, it can be an illusion that the only thing the city offers is a place to party.
This is not true, however.
It offers amazing restaurants as well, beautiful suburbs, scenic trails, breathtaking sunsets, Red Rock, Mt.
Charleston, golf, The Smith Center, and many more!
If you are a tourist to this magnificent city, I urge you to leave The Strip and explore!
You never know what you may find and I guarantee it will be worth your trip!

Las Vegas.....what can I say?
There really is no where like it.
It's not for me.
Sure, I had fun spending money that I don't have.....and yes, I drank.
I got dressed up, I gambled...blah blah blah.
I really wish I could be like everyone else and sit by my hotel pool by day and party too hard at night, but I need something more natural.
Give me Paris in the rain, get me lost in Venice, let me drink beer until i drop in Munich, but please let it be the real thing and not another tacky casino!

The city that never sleeps....theres always something for everybody to do here.
Gamblers paradise...anything you want.
Food oh my god buffets galore.
First thing I do is get a shrimp cocktail and a drink!
Plenty of high quality shows, Blue Man, Cirque de Soliel, concerts, magic and on and on.
The hotels on thw strip are amazing and are each a go to destination in it's self.
Enjoy your stay in Sin City!

<SUMMARIES>
There are tons of places to visit here.
Not the cleanest city in the world and is really expensive in general to live and to afford things here.
Vegas is really unique and you won't find anything like it anywhere else in the world, but there are some problems with cleanliness on the streets and can appear to be a bit dirty.
Overall the unique experience is work it and so much stuff to do here.

