Great service, couldn't be happier!
I needed to get rid of the jewelry and memories from a broken engagement via text message.
Aaron made the experience fun, if you could only imagine.
He was great about explaining what I had and offered a great price on my items.
Great business and great person to talk, laugh with and learn from.

I had a few old pieces that I no longer wear, and I brought them in to the shop and they gave me a great price for my jewelry.
I thought they were really fair after being several places.
Now I can buy something that I will wear.

Sold my Rolex and diamond pinky ring.
Time to get rid of the old and in with the new.
They treated me like I was family and got paid more than expected.
Now time to spend the money on something new.
Will definitely come back when in Vegas and need some more money!!
This place is awesome!!
I'm coming back 4 sure!!!!!
!

I was selling some jewelry I called this place of business and the owner was extremely polite and very helpful and generous with his knowledge I then arrived ...he appraise my jewelry and gave me some tips as to how to sell it if I didn't want to sell it to him.... this was a pleasant experience for someone in the vulnerable position of selling jewels..
I would definitely shop here again and refer any friends and family to this business...

Aaron was extremely personable and helpful.He gave me top dollar for old jewelry that was just collecting dust!
He was very knowledgeable and I will definitely be back and will send all family and friends here!

Stopped in a couple weeks back when I was in Vegas.
After visiting another shop I ended up selling my jewelry here because of the Profesional staff and the treatment I recieved.
Not to mention the offer they gave me was a good amount more money than the others establishments.
Happy I stopped by and highly recommended.

Wow.
They really took their time to explain everything in great detail.
I am sure they know more about jewelry on Las Vegas than anyone else!

Great service.
Staff is friendly and is very fair.
I definitely recommend if you are looking to get rid of your unwanted jewelry this is the place to go.

<SUMMARIES>
Very friendly staff and place.
You'd expect a place like this to be vultures, but they are actually quite fair on how they treat you.
Selling jewelry here was easier than I thought and I got way more than I thought.
Definitely a good environment.

