This was the best Mexican food I have eaten.
I honestly wasn't expecting much.
It's kinda in the middle of nowhere in a sense.
We were looking for it, not realizing it was a restaurant converted from a house.
And when you get inside it's super cramped.
But once you taste the food you will fall in love.
I had the carnitas.
Was really good.
The meat is served with guacamole, homemade salsa, and a spicy sauce.
And of course you get the tortilla.
Yes you make it yourself.
But it adds to the fun.
Was good food and fun.
I highly recommend this place if you're in the area.

There are limited # of restaurants in the area , this place was decent.
The restaurant ambiance is small and cozy.
Seats about maybe ~20 people, our group took up 1/3 of the seating area.
Recommend ordering the guacamole, the chips are very delicious.
I came here with a group of 8, we ordered a variety of dishes and everyone enjoyed it.
I got the lamb, the meat was tender and well seasoned.
Ordered the hibiscus juice made in house, it was too sour.
Food quality: 3.5/5
Service : 4/5
Price : 3.5/5

Very nice staff, really cute place.
Food looks nice and is not bad.
It just doesn't taste like Mexican food.
The ingredients are there, but the nuance of cooking, maybe how they roast their chilis and the combination of spices, doesn't taste authentic.
The quac, I don't taste that balance of red onion, lime, salt, jalepeno, cilantro, garlic, a touch of olive oil.
Tortilla strips look nice, but is too thick and dense.
I want my chip to be light, crisp and thin.
Crunch, gone.

One of the best Mexican restaurants in town!
Family style servings and food tastes legit.
The deconstructed tacos are a great way to share with the family.
We've been here a few times and it never disappoints.
It gets quite busy for dinner, make sure to make early reservations.
One tip, try the ceviche campechano.

We had pork carnitas (excellent) and lamb tacos (good).
Solid service but felt overpriced and probably wont go back.

Yum yum yum!!!
Popped in here today for lunch.
We had the whole place to ourselves because it was a Sunday and early.
To begin with, the place is super cute!
Absolutely love the decor.
We started with the guacamole which was good.
For my main, I had the beef brisket in salsa verde.
It was flavourful and plentiful.
I tried a bite of the carnitas too and it was so tasty.
Will have that and the ceviche next time.
Our server was so cute and very personable.
I wish I could remember his name to give him a shout out because he was lovely.
My lunch with one beer came to $35.
I feel it was worth every penny.
Highly recommend!

Good Mexican food in Toronto?
At Cocina Economica, the answer is an enthusiastic YES.
I pretty much had their entire menu, and all the dishes were quite good.
All the meats are served with rice, beans, corn tortillas and homemade (spicy) salsas.
The stand out dish for me was the Carnitas - falling off the bone.
I really enjoyed the vibe of this place.

Top notch stuff.
Succulent meats (we had the braised beef shoulder and the pork belly) with all the fixings for more-than-you-can-reasonably-eat tacos (the dishes come with tortillas, beans, rice, and salsas for flavor).
The flavor and cooking was on point; guac was also noms.
The decor was sweet and they had a nice (slightly hipster) vibe going on.
Service was friendly.
Unfortunately didn't try the drinks this time but they seemed promising.
Overall, a great food-preggers-inducing experience.
Looking forward to returning to my new favorite Mexican place ;)

<SUMMARIES>
As far as Mexican places go, this one is a really good one.
Been here a few times and not disappointed with the food or service.
It's quite a fun restaurant too and good vibe all over.
Prices can be a bit high but there aren't too many places like this in town so you'd expect it to be higher than normal.

