Classic style Mexican food done nicely!
Yummy crispy cheese crisp with a limey margarita will will win my heart any day of the week!
The classic frozen with a chambord float is my favorite and they do it well here.
The salad carbon was off the chain- served on a big platter and worked for me as 2 full dinners.

For delicious Mexican food in north Phoenix, try La Piñata.
This was our visit here and we were so stunned by the speed in which our food was prepared that we were sure it was meant for another table.
The food was hot and fresh and well within our budget.
My husband got a beef chimichanga and I got bean and cheese burrito, which we both enjoyed.
Chips and salsa arrived immediately; the salsa tastes sweeter than most and is equally flavorful.
We will be back!

Good food!
Great atmosphere!
Great patio.
Staff was super friendly and accommodating!
We will definately return!

This place was very delicious!
I got the ranchero burro and it was so good.
The plate could feed at least two people.
The staff was great and so nice!
I also got the fried ice cream it was good.
I would recommend this place to all my friends.

We arrive for the first time, greeted immediately with a smile and seated promptly.
Our server was fantastic, he was funny and fast.
Gave great suggestions on the menu and we both were very pleased with the food, flavors, speed and accuracy of our orders.
We will definitely be going back for more great food!

Well was very disappointed to see out favorite ice cream parlor closed but delightfully surprised at how much we like this spot!!
Service was FANTASTIC TOP notch!!
Taco was great lots of cheese.
Freshly deep fried shell not like SO MANY Phoenix mex restaurants use!
Enchilada was very good.
My wife really enjoyed her chimichanga.
My moms chilli reanno was great too.
Everything we had so far was great.
We will return.
Highly recommended.

I'm only on the salsa and it's just as fabulous as always.
I love the new location and the decor is beautiful.
Open 5 days and the place is standing room only.
To the previous negative commentor, they are way took busy to fill an order for beans.
Go across the street....you'll be angry lol.

I just tried to make a reservation for 15 people in March at 11 am on a Tuesday and was informed by a very rude female.
She said "we do not take reservations" and I asked if they would for 15 people and she said " I told you we don't take reservations" and hung up on me.
Is that the way you run a business?
Very poor customer service and I have no intentions of ever coming there or recommending it to my friends.

<SUMMARIES>
This place is simply amazing!
Its the best Mexican spot in town.
Their tacos are delicious and full of flavor.
They also have chips and salsa that is to die for!
The salsa is just delectable!
It has a sweet, tangy flavor that you can't find anywhere else.
I highly recommend!

