Came back again on the weekend!
The patio was so nice and the place next door had live music to listen too.
There were also tacos, quesadillas, and more right outside you could have made fresh in front of you.
Prices were good great and the food was also really good!!
This place is my new Go To!

Living in the development across the street all I can say is thanks!
Beers are decent and you can bring any food you like!
Want decent food from Fire and Brimstone, have at it, looking for Joes Farm Frssh, they will walk it over.
Hell bring somethingfrom home, no problem.
Great atmosphere and toally chill.
Love it, oh and I can walk home!

I really liked this place!
Great atmosphere.
Beer was good.
Wish they had more dark beers on tap.
Tons of IPA's but only one stout.
:(.
The pizza place inside was delicious.
We'll be back again!
Worth the drive

Great little nano brewery and just what Gilbert needed.
The IPA is really good but my wife says they need orange slices for their wheat beer.
All the bar tenders are very friendly and helpful.
An added bonus is being able to order food from restaurants nearby and bring it into brewery.
A must try in Gilbert.

It was great to see Jaye.
Their place is amazing!
We love local IPA craft beer and theirs is up with the best in the valley.
We had a flight(6) plus an extra (they were already sold out of 3 since opening day on tue!)
the three that were memorable to us were Frontside which is their west coast IPA and it was a smooth citrus hop.
Midnight run which was not as sweet as your typical coffee stout but still had a hit of chocolate.
The Mijo was amazing it's a triple IPA (10.4 abv) and you could really taste the peach and mango flavors.
I wish them all the best this place is great!

Probably 4 1/2!
Had the copper beer (amberish), Suh Dude brown, and Prince of Bel Ale.
All three very good.
Right by the pizza joint so had a pizza too.
Cool atmosphere, warm and inviting and quality beer.
Check it out!

What a great place!
It's inside of a Quonset hut in Gilbert.
Their beer is phenomenal.
The K-Lax is a fruity IPA without too much bitter.
My favorite was the Sunday Morning Saison.
It's super smooth and well, just lovely.
The vibe is super fun and you can eat phenomenal food from Fire and Brimstone next door or bring in outside food.
Super chill and awesome beer.
We will be back!

It's nice place and good beer.
I wasn't sure I was going to the right place at first, but yes!
Google is correct.

<SUMMARIES>
Cool little place with good beers.
They have some unique flavors of beer.
The reviews on google were high so I figured it would be good and I was disappointed.
There's a good vibe here and you can see people are really enjoying themselves.
I was one of those people!

