Wonderful food and service.
The crackling of the fireplace really added to the cosy feel!

We just had the best prime rib I have ever had anywhere, at the Blake House.
Great birthday dinner!!!
Thank-you!
!

Clueless wait staff, mediocre food.
Thinks a Cobb salad and Greek salad are the same thing and when I asked for a lime for my drink, I was ignored.
When I asked again the waitress gave me attitude that she'd "have to go upstairs to get it" as if I didn't ask for it once already.
If you don't wanna hear my drink order, don't ask for it.
When she brought it she HANDED me a slice of lime.
No thanks, first time was the last time.

Winterlicious indeed!
Food portions were right and did I already say the food was yummy!
I also enjoyed the atmosphere!

I live down the street from this restaurants and for some reason I had not tried it until recently.
Its a more upscale pub in a beautiful old house with a large patio upfront.
The service was welcoming and great throughout our night and the food was surprisingly good for pub food.
A great spot in an area where there aren't too many good restaurants.
We shall return.

Ventured over on Sunday for a patio brunch and lucked out with a nice shaded area.
Our server was sweet and prompt.
It was a hot morning, so greeted us with a giant jug of water and then brought over some much needed water.
I like to enjoy a little savory and sweet, so my boo and I ordered the French toast and salmon eggs benedict.
They were well priced, well portioned and delicious.
Our meal provided us with ample energy to explore the nearby trails.
I'll certainly return.

Great atmosphere and drink selection.
Very friendly staff.
Beautiful big patio.
Food was edible but not fantastic.
Also, it would be better if their patio was non smoking (or at least smoking was limited to a particular area of the patio).
Doing so would have raised my review to a solid 4.

Service and food were excellent, randomly came across it thanks to yelp.
Very happy first time customer!

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is fantastic and the atmosphere is very warm and cozy.
I highly recommend trying out their prime rib, it is cooked to perfection.
Also if you are in the mood for some great drinks the cocktails here always come out great!

