I went to Jason's on Saturday night for the first time.
I ended up with a side salad and a baked potato.
I didn't think you could have a baked potato that big!
The potato was huge and could have been a meal by itself.
Large selection of items to choose from.
I wish there was a few more vegtables at the salad bar and had more crouton options.
I will have to head back to try the sandwiches.

The California Club is life.
I've loved Jason's Deli from afar for too long and am pretty sure it's time to come home...if only I could afford it regularly.
My SO and I were blown away by how expensive this place was for the amount of food you get...it's a sandwich joint guys, not a sit down, napkin in lap, forks to the right place.
Love the food but don't care much for the price to quantity of food ratio.
This does not speak for the food however, it's delicious and the staff was very friendly and helpful!
Will recommend to my richer friends.

Maybe not the most filling sammmmich I've ever had... but good.
It always is.
I went there late a night and sat by myself (sad, I know) and just played scrabble on my phone.
Maybe someone from Yelp will come keep me company next time!

I proceeded to watch the four people who ordered behind me get their food before me.
All I had was a potato.
One guy behind me got the same thing I did (just a larger version) and got his before I did.
And when I finally got my potato, it barely had any toppings on it.
Really dry.
Not tasty.
Saving grace is the free ice cream you get.

Great place to eat.
Food always taste fresh.
Frequently visit ray road location.
Ice machine always seems to be broke.
Kind of unsanitary to scoop ice with scooper laying in the ice.

I stopped by here for a quick bite to eat.
I got the club sandwich minus the tomatoes and a cup of chili.
The food was really good.
I like the little graham crackers they have at the salad bar too.
I like this place and recommend it.
They have a good selection so you should be able to find something.

Wife and me shared the salad and soup.
Of course the soup was broccoli and cheese.
And they have a lot of toppings for the salad bar.
Good bluecheese.
Very clean.
Easy parking.

Love this place!
People are friendly and a ton of low carb options!!
Clean, good, quick!
One of my fav lunch places!
Sometimes they go too fast and serve up less than perfect food.
My avocado was mostly brown and the bacon was 80% fat.

<SUMMARIES>
They have yummy baked potatoes.
They have different sizes.
I ordered the big one.
Took a little while and I noticed there was no rhyme or reason to who was getting their food at what times.
Seems the kitchen might be a bit unorganized.
Other than that, the food was really good.
They have some low carb options too which is cool.
Salad bar is nice too, has a lot of options.

