This salon is FABULOUS!
Allison is awesome!
She's a great colorist and her cuts are R-A-D!
She's definitely a master at the "no awkward stage" grow out cut.
I love that she listens to what you want and actually does it.
Great atmosphere and good vibes.
Never going anywhere else!

This place is the best!
Allison rules.
She gives the best head...massages.
She listens to what you want and makes sure it looks good.
I've never left not feeling satisfied.
Come in once, and this will be your new salon for life!

2 months ago I stepped into this salon thinking I knew what I wanted but I was too scared to go thru with it , lucky the owner of this fabulous place , understood me & he was able to do some beautiful highlights that weren't too overpowering but just enough to make a difference.
The staff was so nice & that one guy that washed my hair ( wish I could remember his name ) WOW , he has some magical hands , hands down the best scalp massage ever !!
On my next visit I think I'm just going to tell Skaught ( I believe that's the owner's name ) to surprise  me & do what ever to my hair , I've seen his work & it's amazing !
!

I'm picky, wasn't the place for me.
The stylist I had is good at what she does but needs to improve on actually listening to what the customer wants.
She was however, the gentlest stylist I've ever had which was amazing.
I have very fine hair and hate when stylists are rough on it which seems to be...almost always.
Felt that sales were really pushed on me and the price ended up being substantially higher than what I was quoted.
The owner seems to be proactive in fixing issues so I've updated this post a little.
Hopefully proper changes have been made.

Hands down my best haircuts and colors have been by the amazzzzing Amanda Fuller.
She takes her time to understand exactly what I want and even though I'm terrible at explaining ... She reads my mind and gets it right every time!
I've since moved to San Diego but can't wait to come back to Vegas and get my locks rocked by Amanda!

Liana is the absolute best!
I am a professional who has to pull of an on camera look that says I am responsible and professional yet I also want to have an edgy look in my free time.
Liana gives me the best of both.
She really listens and gives great feedback.
I always feel like a new woman after leaving her chair!
She's fun to chat with too which is just a plus.

Decided to try this place out after searching yelp.
I was hesitant with my thin, fine dark hair, as I always am.
I went to Megan.
She was sweet & easy to talk to.
Honestly I was unsure of my hair that first day, but now I love it.
The cut is great for my fine hair, I have tons of volume.
And the color is nice & natural like I wanted.
I got a partial bayalage
And really like how it turned out.
I think going from black to some lighter color was a shock, but it's perfect for summer around the corner.
Thx Megan!

Second time with Skaught and all I can say is AMAZING.
Fantastic listener and even better stylist.
He really tries to understand the look you're going and gives you what you expect.
For anyone in the Vegas valley: stop wasting your time and money, Skaught is the best in town!

<SUMMARIES>
The stylist I had was really attentive to my needs and desires, and listened to me.
I was really happy with the whole experience, and while a tiny bit pushy, I can understand since they do want the best for you.
This is one of those places where you come in, and you leave really happy, and keep coming back.
I sure will.

