so I was suggest to try this place out by my sister the other day and finally had time to make it over for lunch

I wasn't too hungry so I just got a couple appetizers.
got the chicken salad and a takoyaki.
both were really good.
the service was good and the place was clean and the music was good.
i'll be back again to try a ramen sometime soon!
i'll leave an update when I do

So excited to have a ramen place in the NW.
We have been back a few times.
Pros: good portion sizes, friendly service, great tasting ramen, clean interior, cool that they have outlets to charge your phone 

Cons: prices are a little steep, no options for kids' portions or pricing, no delivery yet

All in all, a good experience at this place and a nice option for ramen if we don't feel like heading to Chinatown.

Mediocre ramen with terrible service.
They harass you for the first 5 minutes of sitting down then pretend you don't exist for the next 40.
If you need anything from the waitstaff during your meal you're out of luck.
Took 30 minutes just to get the check to leave.
Okay ramen and nice to have something on this side of town but won't be coming back due to terrible service.

3 of us tried 3 different ramens and all were very good!
The crunch roll and green salads were really good as well.
We will definitely be back!

Great Customer service!
Food was good and fast too.
Only con is that the floor is a little slippery.

So I've have eaten here twice since it opened a couple of weeks ago the first time I thought the Ramen was pretty good the broth had good flavor the fried octopus balls were also pretty good, however today the Ramen broth could have been salty dish water it was hard to tell.
Having worked in F&B  for the last 25 years it's hard to sit down in a restaurants and give an unbiased opinion on any amount of money that I am spending for a meal good or bad.
This is also the only place for Ramen in a 10 mile radius so we will keep coming back for now.
Also I noticed the "Owners" sitting at the back table counting their money I thought that was very tacky get an office.

Super delicious food.
Their signature sushi roll is to die for.
The staff are very nice.
Will be back again.

The Creamy Tonkotsu Ramen was out of this world good!
So was the Cashu fried rice I would recommend getting a more traditional Genmaicha  green tea though...
The Brussel sprouts sounded  good but were  bland.
We will be going back many times for sure!

<SUMMARIES>
I never knew ramen could be the kind of food I would go out to a restaurant and enjoy!
This place changed my mind!
There are many different ramen dishes to choose from.
There are also many other options such as octopus rolls and sushi.
If you're looking for something different, this is the place to go.
The only improvement I can think of is that the service could be better.

