Me and my girlfriend just had our first fondue experience at this Melting Pot location and it was absolutely lovely.
Our server Tiffany really did amazing work with recommendations, attentiveness, and explaining the fondue process in a relatable way.
We came in with some anxiety, but she really helped us relax and enjoy ourselves even as first-timers.
Will definitely be back.

My wife and I where in Charlotte for our anniversary and had a fantastic time!
We had the four course meal.
Our server was great and very knowledgable about the menu.
Food was great it was a neat experience cooking our own food.
We would definitely return to The Melting Pot!

If you like boiling steak, be my guest.
It was labeled filet on the menu but it may have been London broil.
The only reason to go here if you are a sap and are trying to impress your girl.
The cheese fondue I understand.
The dessert was good.
Ask for the bananas foster.
Will run over 40 a person not including drinks.
I rather have a chef make my meal than myself with a hot plate.

OMG!!!!
Best place EVER!!!
I go there every year for my birthday.
I love how many they options that they have.
Also the dessert is AMAZING!!!!
!

Great food, experience and service.
The staff really makes a special occasion even nicer!

Amanda or waitress was wonderful!
She explained all the options and specials with flare and was super helpful with substituting some of the options bc my fiance is a vegetarian.
This was a wonderful 1st experience at the Melting Pot!

I made a reservation for my 1st anniversary.
I was so disappointed when they brought my dessert plate to the table.
It was simple it didn't have written letters saying HAPPY ANNIVERSARY..
I was expecting something better since it was our special night.
However, I called the location twice to confirmed they had everything I requested.
I don't recommend people to go there for special occasions...
I would give 
1  for the hostess /managers 
4  stars for the server because it was not his fault about the dessert plate.. it was for the people that made 
my reservation..

We go every year for our anniversary!
Always a special romantic meal to be remembered.
We ordered the big night out with the artisanal charcuterie which the waiter forgot until we had eaten the cheese course so we got extra cheese!
Yay!
We did the Swiss Gruyere and it was awesome.
The seasoning blend they have to sprinkle on the salad is great, I have bought bottles of this as stocking stuffers before.
We had herb encrusted chicken, pacific shrimp, sirloin and filet.
For dessert we had the chocolate and dulce de leche fondue.

<SUMMARIES>
The restaurant has good food and the staff is really helpful and friendly.
If you need it, they'll take their time to explain options in depth.
So if there are vegetarians in your life, the staff will also go over the options available for them and they're really knowledgeable about what's on offer!
Really good experiences at this restaurant.

