While the selection is a little small, the quality seems high.
The warmed scone I had was easily one of the better biscuits I've had, with just the right amount of butter and raspberry jam.
Their cooler of bottled water and soft drinks seems to be very convenient for those strolling through Old Town.
Service was fine, especially considering how very busy they were.
It was a bit of a pain to have to ask what was in everything as there were no tiny signs with ingredients/descriptions that I saw.

The sausage rolls here are amazing and a great value.
I cant wait to eat through the pie menu.
So far ive had the meat and curry chicken, flaky buttery crust and very tasty inside.
A great addition to old town Scottsdale.

This cafe/ bakery is an amazing place.
My wife and I were visiting from California and found this local gem.
The women behind the counter were so nice and the drinks and "pasties" were delicious!
Highly recommend this placed!

Family visited Scottsdale this past weekend.
Stopped for a quick snack, great tasting pies, awesome desserts.
Super friendly staff.
A must if you're in the area.

Wow, the chicken artichoke pot pie was unexpectedly delicious - hot, flaky, savory!!!
We loved it.
We were not sure what to expect so we picked 1 "safe" item - bacon quiche pie.
It was also very tasty and super satisfying.
But, I wish we would have picked one of the more unique flavors.
I could see coming back everytime we visit the area.
Great friendly service too.
Loved it!

Was fantastic, had the chicken avocado pie and the sausage roll.
Service was good too, friendly staff.
Flavor was amazing, will definitely come back for some Bundaberg rum when they get the bar put in.

It possibly is the best coffee in scottsdale.
The spinach feta quiche and apple turn over are amazing.
My daughters iced caramel latte was very good.
Highly recommended.

This place is a must-do in Scottsdale!
We are locals from Tempe and came to try their food and pasties.
Our expectations were surpassed with a delicious sausage roll, chicken avocado pie, and others!
The Lamington dessert and apple turnover were perfectly made and I ate the rest of it!
The owner is so cordial and the staff was just as good.
The owner came over to our table and put a small town home feel.
We will definitely be coming back!

<SUMMARIES>
These people have amazing pies and pastries.
You can tell they know what they are doing and have a lot of experience.
The taste is really nice and they also have good drinks to choose from.
It was busy here but service was quick and fast, so not really a slow down in busy hours.
I'm sure in slower hours it'd be even faster.
Nice little gem here.

