Stopped in here for a bite before a movie.
The bartender was entertaining and good for conversation,  as I would expect in any more spendy place like this one.
The sushi was excellent (Salmon Roll and Dragon Roll), but the beer selection was limited.
I shaved off one star due to the fact that it does not have any beers on tap.

The sea bass is one of the tastiest meals i've ever had in my life.

Just got done eating here and I got to say I like it!!!!
The food is very good especially the oysters, the three sauces it comes with are good but when you combine them its fantastic.
The sushi rolls are all unique in their own way.
The best roll there is the sumthin sumthin roll.
I'll be eating here again since I got pretty much the whole meal comp'd.

Hachi has a great happy hour.
The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting.
The food was delicious, the coconut soup was yum!
The service was excellent and the happy hour prices were great!

Atmosphere and decore is fantastic.
Lychee martini is five star and at 12$ it's not supernovae priced.
The beans are a must order 

The kimbucha soup was good

The mushroom salad was below average
as well as our tofu rice noodle large dish,  especially for 18$.
I believe that there are better restaurants at Red rock.

This place is adorable!
I love the decor and ambiance!!
They have private rooms in the very front of the restaurant (unfortunately facing the parking lot!!)
but they are beautiful!!
The happy hour (at the bar only) from 5 - 7 pm is awesome.. they have bottomless mimosas for $8!
The rolls are great, averagely priced sushi for the location... You'd think Red Rock would be charging $15 minimum per roll, but no.. You can get a roll for $8 - $11 just like everywhere else.
Great place for a first date!

Excellent sushi, excellent cooked food.
I really loved the seared tuna with foie gras.
The lamb chops were incredible.
Really love this place.
If you gamble, you can pay with your points...fantastic!

The quality of the fish here is above par!
The high drink prices however make me take away one star.
We were in a large group and sampled many different rolls and appetizers.
I really liked the tempura items and we didn't have one dish that wasn't well liked.
The rolls with Hamachi were my faves!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is absolutely beautiful.
The atmosphere just takes your breath away.
On top of that, they have delicious, top quality sushi!
There are tons of delectable rolls to choose from, from the Salmon roll to the Dragon roll.
This place gave me one of the best meals ever.

