Ahh..
I love this place and always go there for a treat.
Willis Tower, chirashi, chicken wings and ramen.
All taste very good.
Need to wait during lunch and dinner.
A little bit pricey but taste of food deserve it.

Being from the east coast, I always worry about getting fish in the midwest but I am going to hand it to Sakanaya, the Chirashi I had was absolutely delicious.
The fish was wonderful, fresh even and with good variety of fishes.
I loved the decor and the ambiance, very relaxing.
The portions are good, though if you're on a budget this might not be the place for you.
Definitely worth getting again.

One of the best and nicest restaurant on campus.
The ramen and bento are very delicious and enough to fill you up.
I would recommend to go with your friends and families, really!
Also the wings are good for late night.
So, don't forget to order them when you go eat at late night.

my second time trying sushi, delish!

Best sushi place around and probably the best service I've had in a long time.
Went with two buddies of mine and we had about a 5 minute wait in a packed house and received our food well within 10 minutes.
Refills on water were done before we even had time to look up and they were extremely helpful about making our experience worthy.
Ramen was off the charts and the sushi was fresh!

Came here based on Yelp reviews and did not disappoint.
Willis tower is interesting, nice presentation and a great mix of flavors and textures, a must try!
The rolls are also very good.
Sashimi is fresh , will visit again!

the willis tower is very delicious, and the I love salmon combo is to die for.
the sashimi melts in your mouth

I've been all over our country and had sushi at all levels and I'm not sure if these college kids just haven't had sushi or what?
This is nothing fancy.
Flat tap water on every table.
Your standard miso soup.
$17 for a lunch special got me maybe 3-4 ounces of meat and one roll that was pretty good but fried and prepared earlier.
Usually sashimi is at least served over beds of rice for a little more fill.
The wasabi is very weak.
Rice is kind of dry, I've had fuller rice.

<SUMMARIES>
I'm a big sushi fan and this place did not disappoint.
They have many options that are fresh and full of flavor.
The service is amazing as well.
Even when the place is packed we were still served quickly and in a professional, positive manner.
I recommend the delicious sashimi.

