I kept seeing my coworker come in with a bowl of amazing fruits and coconut and I had to find out where she was getting all her delicious looking yummy's at, well she turned me onto this amazing place and I was not disappointed the food is amazing and fresh we will definitely be back......

They seemed to have straightened out their ordering system, and the food has always been high quality.
Great fresh food.

Great place!!!!
Always clean, food is always fresh.
Perfect for lunch or a quick bite.
Parking could be better but we did discover you can park behind the building and there is a walkway close by for a shortcut!

Gluten free grilled steak wrap today for lunch was amazing!
Quinoa salad, green #4 juice!
I LOVE this place, service & food excellent!

I really love their juice, but they've really gone down hill from when I first started getting them.
They've gone up in price and don't even fill up your cup - waste of money.
I'd rather go to Nekter or anywhere else to get a juice.
This place has HORRIBLE customer service and it's not even close to being worth the price - do yourself a favor and go somewhere else

Very cool atmosphere although it was extremely crowded for a Tuesday morning...hate to see what Saturday looks like.
Got the Thai protein bowl.
Had overall really good flavor and the forbidden rice was delicious!
Also got the slim juice and it too was delicious!

I like the Scottsdale location better in terms of service but both locations have the same food choices.
Clean, healthy foods.
You can choose between salads, smoothie bowls, sandwiches, and brown rice / quinoa bowls.
For drinks you can get fresh juices, smoothies, coffee drinks, tea.
Food is usually prepared quick.
I personally like the Power Green or the Immune boost for juices, the Tofu rice bowl (comes with a bunch of veggies!
), and the Beet salad.
I come here every Thursday between 2-3pm and there's never a long wait :)

This is my favorite OG Chop Shop location.
When I stopped in it was pretty dead, not one person in the store so I was a little nervous eating here.
All the other chop shops are always super packed.
Orders my usual protein bowl with grilled steak and it was delicious.
Lemonade was good too.

<SUMMARIES>
This is the place you want to go when you are looking for a healthy good meal.
The food is good for you and also high in quality.
They use fresh ingredients in all their dishes nothing they make is frozen.
The customer service could use a bit of work but I was willing to look past this because of the amazing food.

