Awesome.
My SL had been at two other dealerships with an issue they could not figure out.
The service department at Schumacher took the time to figure it out.
Chris drove the car until the issue showed up and quickly diagnosed the problem.
I will not go anywhere else.

I bought my first car over the weekend from Andrew.
It was a very professional and awarding experience.
Even after the sale, I can tell that Andrew will be there if I need anything or have questions.
He was always straight up and eager to help with any questions or concerns.
I would highly recommend you to see Andrew if you are looking to purchase a vehicle!

What a first class experience at this North Scottsdale Benz Dealer.
Joe Palmisano is a longtime experienced pro who knows how to put a car deal together.
Why spend a whole day buying a car when it can be done quick and  fast to be down the road with no hassle.
Joe followed up as promised on the will bill.
The delivery was was beyond expectation with tech follow up.
Would also like to point out Dana Rae Miller in F & I who got us in and out the door with every option covered.

My husband & I had a wonderful experience at Schumacher Scottsdale, Not only was the dealership and vehicle line above our expectations but our sales person, Deanna Hanna, was very knowledgeable and patient while helping us narrow down our decisions.
She had excellent customer service and we will definately be back to purchase our new car when our finances are in order.
Thanks Schumacher & Deanna

For about 20 years I have been dealing with Schumacher Mercedes and specifically Remington Logue in sales.
Remington always exceeds my expectations.
Just a great dealership.
Great sales people and great service advisors.
In my case, Mike Stoops always looks to assure the cars are in perfect condition and most importantly safe.

I always feel welcomed at Schumacher.
They make you feel like a VIP!
Everyone I work with has been awesome.

Very nice dealership.
The people are helpful.
I have owned Mercedes in the past and now own a Lexus.
Mercedes is expensive to repair and if the car is older it becomes economically infeasible to own.
Not to mention the have a customer area that you pay for drinks, snacks, and coffee.
All Beverages, snacks, and sandwiches are complimentary at Lexus.
Mercedes do not hold their value to expensive!
!

Michael, Chris & Mr. Schumacher himself are so kind and hospitable.
When Right Honda screwed me over ROYALLY, the good guys at Schumacher walked me through the steps of reversing a car sale they made with me to ensure I didn't get manipulated any further.
Lou is the greatest salesman.
No pressure and concerned with the needs of the customer.
Tracy at the Starbucks coffee shop keeps you pleasurable company while you wait and most of the products if her shop are complimentary!
This dealership emits such a warm environment.

<SUMMARIES>
Employees are very personable and knowledgeable.
They will work with you and provide a comfortable, welcoming, low pressure experience.
Definitely a place you'll want to return to!
Super willing to answer any questions and make sure you're completely satisfied with your experience.
They also have a nice area where you can grab snack and drinks.

