Ice tea tasted like coffee today:( yuck!
Asked for extra ice, got nothing....
Sad day at dunkin

Nice staff.
But they don't honor Veteran's or seniors......that's ashame......cross this place off my list!

Always make sure to have them repeat your order in the drive thru.
They always mess up my order and I end up having to drive back to get it replaced.
How do they stay in business like this?

Every time I come here and go to the drive thru, they screw up my order.
They took so long to answer, I almost drove up to see if they were open.
I'm just going to spend the extra money and go to Starbucks.
At least they pretend to care even when they are slammed & get my order right.
Yeah, you get what you pay for, but I'm still paying & should get what I ordered.

This is probably worst Dunkin Donuts I ever ate 
The donuts was small and old (disgusting)
I don't recommend this location

Decent doughnut shop.
I usually just get a regular glazed doughnut and an iced coffee.
Don't expect anything amazing or spectacular when you come here.
There's usually a line in the morning so if you're running tight on time, I'd pass.
The wait time is a hit or miss.
I've waited 5 minutes for a cup of coffee, and other times they had it ready by the time I got to the window.

This is a great dunkin donuts location!
We did the drive through and it was very fast service.
The woman helping us wasn't in the best of moods but she gave us a smile as we paid.
I would recommend coming to this location if you're in a rush and need to use the drive through.

This location is minutes from our house.
Unfortunately, the donuts here are always so dry!
Not really stale, but dry donuts.
It's sad that I can get better and cheaper donuts at Smith's or Vons.
The staff working the counter were extremely friendly!
Only reason why I'm giving 3 stars.
I keep hearing in general the donuts at Dunkin' are not that good.
Maybe they should change the recipe.
I will not be back.

<SUMMARIES>
I went through the drive though and I noticed they got my order wrong when they repeated it back.
The quality here is kind sub-par.
Donuts seem not to be fresh.
They aren't that rude or anything, but it's the quality, or lack of, that bring this store down.
If you're in a hurry and want just "ok" food then stop here.

