Ça fait des années que je vais au Sumo Ramen et j'adore ce restaurant.
Il y a beaucoup de choix de viandes et de bouillons pour les ramens.
La seule fois que j'ai été déçue de Sumo Ramen est lorsque j'ai pris les pépites de poulet comme choix de viande pour mon ramen.
Le poulet était trop caoutchouteux.
Après ça j'ai évitée ce choix de viande.
Malgré cela, il y a un bon rapport qualité et prix.
Les employés sont courtois.
Je raffole des desserts.
Les entrés sont correct.

Solid ramen.
Nice portion size.
A busy, cozy restaurant.
The ramen was delicious, as were the cocktails.
Also, the rice balls, which my companion ordered, and I'd never had - UMAMI HEAVEN.
Really tasty.
Inexpensive, tasty and lively - in Montreal's somewhat small Chinatown.
Worth a visit if you are craving Ramen, and I was.
!

Awesome ramen soups!
Cheap, nothing too fancy but really tasty!
The raviolis are ok but nothing to die for.
Udon noodles and pepper broth are really good.
Its a really nice spot for lunch or quick dinner.
Cheap and spicy!!
Love.

This was definitely a 'Meh' experience.
The fast food of ramen- not terrible, but definitely not good.
The menu does offer a lot to pick from if you're looking to snack, but I wouldn't bother with the ramen at all.

Broth is decent (for Montreal).
Noodles are OK (for Montreal).
However, there is no edible ramen place within 2 km so this will do.

I took the spicy ramen mmmm feel so good in a freeze day.
Crowdy place, good service.

One of the better ramen joints in Montreal, and certainly the best in Chinatown!
Fun ambiance, a good menu (much more than ramen if you feel like a change!
), and lots of seating.

I'll admit it.
I came here because Naruto likes ramen and I've rarely had it outside those really cheap bags of noodles you boil when you're in college.
Or at work for lunch.
I was a solo lunch diner, as I had dipped out of a conference for some better food than the conference center was offering.
This place delivered.
It was clean and the service was FAST.
The ramen was delicious, and the recommendation of the server was spot on.
Decor was modern and had several nods to anime.
If I lived in the area I would probably be back here.
Naruto was right, ramen is yummy!

<SUMMARIES>
Ramen noodles are good here and good portion sizing, but it's crowded and that may or may not be a bad thing depending on what you want.
Everything is fast and came out fast, and there's a lot to choose from when looking at the menu.
It's clean too, even though it's busy, so it's not some dump or anything.

