This is a tattoo spot located on the way south end of the Strip in what feels like a nearly abandoned strip mall.
I walked in without an appointment was able to have an artist work on my tattoo right away.
Note: Appointments are best.
The front desk staff were less than friendly.
But the artists are great!
The studio is clean and comfy.
Definitely one of the better places I've been to.
I'm very pleased with my tattoo and will be coming back for more work.

A friend referred me to West Coast after going I will not get my tattoos anywhere else!
Jake is awesome and it's the cleanest shop I've seen.
I would only recommend West Coast Parlor

I've been worked on by just about every artist there, but Jake is my go-to.
The work this place is putting out reminds me what I love about tattoos - custom artwork.
Not to mention, the atmosphere and energy of this place is overwhelmingly...comfortable.
This is a great shop all around, the artists are extremely talented, smart, funny, super sweet, and they're not bad to look at either!

I got everything I wanted and more with my tattoo.
The shop was clean and organized.
It is conveniently located right off the I-15 and Silverado ranch.
Russ took his time and made sure every detail was exactly the way I wanted it.
He was very kind and personable.
If you're looking to get a tattoo done by a nice guy and great artist, go see Russ!
He doesn't disappoint!
Thanks again!

It is rare to find a tattoo shop and good artist as quickly as I did.
Collin at West Coast was awesome!
Friendly, great tattoo artist and made my visit quick and easy.
Found the shop on yelp so thought I would leave a review in case someone else wants a Great Experience.
They are the perfect place to checkout while in Las Vegas.

Amazing!
Such an awesome atmosphere and friendly people.
Definitely recommend this establishment for tattoos!!
West coast f@ckin rocks!

My husband and I went in for a lock and key tattoo.
We were incredibly thrilled with the work our artist, Colin, did.
He was great and drew our vision of them to create something just perfect for us.
We will definitely attempt to have Colin do the next tattoo when we come back to Vegas.

I was originally a walk-in with a kinda unusual request to have a micro tattoo on my finger...
I was lucky to find Colin!
Colin got exactly what I was looking for.
Colin was amazing  in giving advice about placement, color, etc.... Colin is an amazing artist.
I look forward to going to see Colin to get more great tattoos.

<SUMMARIES>
This is an amazing tattoo place!
The shop is extremely clean and the tattoo artists are very talented.
I don't want to get my tattoos done anywhere else!
If you really want a good job done, I recommend Colin or Jake, they are the best!

