I miss Paradise.
I miss the free cookie.
Other than that, the transition seems to be going smoothly.
Nice renovation.
Food still good.
Good service.

I've lived nearby for more years than this location has existed, and have visited this location maybe 20 times.
Unfortunately, 99% of Avondale restaurants fall victim to seamy clientele.
They manage to entirely ruin most businesses around here.
About 6 months ago, you were doing well to find your salad was made with all fresh ingredients.
Then they started tasting  slightly more spoiled.
Now my husband and I find they can't even get themselves together to sell us a pastry or smoothie.

They are lucky that they even get one star because I don't think they deserve that.
The girl taking my order had no idea what she was doing so I'm assuming she was new, which leads me to believe the person that should be training her obviously had better things to do.
I picked up my order and got back to work.
The apple that came with the food was disgusting.
How can you say fresh food and be known for having healthy meals when you are serving rotten food???
You would think that they could at least look at the food they are sticking into the bags, must be too much work to do that...

Normally this place is awesome, occasionally packed but worth the wait.
Today not so great!
Not just out of one thing today but 4!
they didn't have chicken noodle soup,macaroni and cheese, onion soup or green tea.
Then they said onion soup isn't a Sunday soup, even though it's on the menu online for Sunday.
After I paid I realized they were out of tea, and the kid said oh yes we're  waiting for a shipment.
Be out one thing ok fine but 4 things is ridiculous.
Some one did horrible job when ordering this week!
I should have asked for a refund and went to Zuppas!
Definitely disappointed in today's  trip to Panera!

Came in on a Tuesday around 1030am they were out of most of there bagels.
Their toaster was down so they heated it on a press poor choice came out hot like it was microwaved.
Coffee had a brew time of 9:15 however it was really bitter tasting by the time I got to it.
I requested a refund,  and they lost me as a customer.
I won't be returning to many other places for bagels in a big city like Phoenix.

We love Panera, food always seems fresh and is very tasty.
The staff has ALWAYS been so very nice and courteous each time as well, we will be back many times!
The broth bowls are very good, only tip  would be to ask for salad dressings on the side bc they do tend to put a little too much dressing on for my tastes.

Every time I come to Panera, there's never any disappointment.
Today, however, was exceptionally delicious.
I ate literally everything on my plate.
The Mediterranean sandwich and Greek salad is so on par with gourmet restaurants.
10/10.

way too over priced!
small mac n cheese is $5.
HALF a salad is $6 a SMALL drink is $2.50 RIDICULOUS!
i don't recall Paradise being this expensive.
overall a lunch for 2 was $30.
although the salad was good, i could've bought a bigger size somewhere else for the same price!

<SUMMARIES>
Recently renovated , but the food is hit or miss.
The food is often not very fresh and sometimes even rotten.
Even the coffee doesn't seem fresh.
They are frequently out of menu items and the price seems expensive considering the inconsistent quality.
Staff are not very friendly or helpful either.

