I've been to these outlets a few times to hit up Polo, Gap, and maybe Nike but didn't find anything else that got me excited.
Well, that all has changed!
We spent several hours there perusing Polo, Gap, Under Armour, Pearl Izumi, Banana Republic, and J.Crew!
I've never seen my husband so happy shopping!
We definitely walked away with some great stuff at great prices!
I'm sure this will be a trip we'll make a few times a year to stock up!

I usually hate outlet malls but this one isn't too bad.
I wanted to do some shopping but didn't want to venture all the way into the valley.
I found a few great deals to my surprise!
I stopped at the Carter's baby clothes store, Under Armor, Vitamin World and lastly Gap.
I will definitely be back.
I had an enjoyable experience.

Very family friendly.
It isn't too busy which is great for families.
Dog friendly a plus!
There are outlets that have lines that go out the door for Coach and Michael Kors - not here.
Nice shopping experience.
The splashpad is a great addition for the kiddos.

Love shopping here and spending time with my family a little bit for everyone,great place !!
!

Not bad.
The entire mall is very clean.
It is about 75% occupied which is good in this economy.
They have a very large play area for kids if that is your thing.
And a food court with lots of vending machines through out.
Overall, I was able to get a lot of work clothes for a really good price.
It was worth the drive for me

Great shopping!
My wife and I have been to outlets in other places outside of the Arizona and these outlets are just as great.
Fair prices, lots of food choices if you get hungry, plenty of parking, clean restrooms, helpful staff, and great products.
If you like the outlets then give these a visit.

Great trip.
Super nice employees.
Even had a nice meal at Charlie's in the food court.
Next time will come back when more of the stores are open.

Was very glad to see an increasing selection of stores, very surprised to see the North Face outlet store here- have only seen these in Woodbury and in Berkeley.
Nice little area for kids to play, clean and not too crowded.

<SUMMARIES>
This is a great place to take the family shopping for the weekend.
It is family friendly and has a great food court so that everyone can get what they want if you decide to have a meal while you are there.
It is a clean outlet mall and has many higher end brands.
Overall a very good place to shop.

