EXCELLENT!!!
Happy Hour and Early Bird prices are awesome.
Secret: Their flour spinach chips are incredible.
I live in San Diego and have never had any chips this good!
HIGHLY RECOMMEND

Angel waiter is the best.
Food is awesome.
And margaritas are good.
Happy hour is good deal

We have been searching high and low for a good Mexican restaurant and we finally found Haciendas and it blows everywhere else out of the water!!
Exceptional customer service and amazing homemade authentic Mexican food!
I highly recommend the Tacos El Pastor along with the tableside guacamole and Posole soup!
It is our new favorite restaurant!
I highly recommend it!

We've tried this place out twice now.
Great ambiance and location.
Food is ok.
The burrito is served naked.
looks weird and uninviting to eat, but taste ok.
They do serve large portions, but would be nice to have lunch size options and pricing.
How much should you pay for Mexican food?
Less than what they charge is for sure!
They follow a long line of unsuccessful restaurants in that location and will might be jinxed!
I would not recommend this place.
Many other choices in the area!
Save your money!

Good food the service was terrible !
Will not go back because of the service!
Waited 20 min for salsa refill then they lost our order.
Just about to walk out when they realized we were ignored.
If I were you I would not go there if hungry!
Even then I had to walk out to get my bill !
Pathetic !

Great food and great service!!
Our waiter Rudy was so nice and attentive , definitely will go back.
Don't pass on the table side guacamole , and ask for hot salsa , has a great flavor to go with a heát that will make you down your oversized margarita quickly.
Fajitas were good and big enough to share.

This has become our favorite restaurant.
The staff is friendly and personable; they'll remember you every time you come in.
The food and drinks are amazing.
They offer a great happy hour and deals that make a dollar go a long way!

Our favorite local Mexican restaurant - authentic and delicious food, with very friendly and attentive service.......never disappoints.

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is fantastic and served in large portions.
This gives you some great value for your money, but sometimes I can't even finish the entire entree.
The staff here is also very friendly, and are great at what they do.
The restaurant offers fresh guacamole that is made table side and I highly recommend checking that out.

