First time trying Yan's, and the food was excellent.
We had spicy orange chicken, curry beef, shrimp with snow peas, and shrimp with vegetables.
The food was fresh, hot, and seasoned to perfection.
The portions are good and the price is reasonable and the owner is friendly.
We finally have great Chinese food in the West Valley!

I've ordered lots of chinese delivery since being in AZ.
and this is place was actually surprisingly better than most.
I'm always hesitant when ordering from a new Asian restaurant from so many bad experiences here.
The lady on the phone was typical of any other Asian restaurant and very friendly.
Ordered orange beef, sweet and sour chicken and the shrimp vegetable,  all were really good surprisingly.
The orange beef is probably the best I've had from a delivery, could use a lil more spiciness.
Prices were better than most places as well.
Would order again.

Good food great for take out to take to work.
Always ready when I come to pick up.
Really like their shrimp fried rice and soups.

The food was delicious, price was pretty good, but the lack of atmosphere and food being served on Styrofoam plates was a bit of a turn off.

Group of three, we all loved it.
Had it delivered and it was hot, fresh and very tasty.
No complaints, definitely recommend the Kung pao and orange chicken.
If you like spicy, be very specific or they hold back.
The flavor was still really good though.
Would go back anytime.

Great Chinese for a fast easy fix.
I've been going here for years!
Orange chicken is my families favorite!
The pork egg foo young has a ton of vegetables and is worth your dollar.
The staff is friendly and the location is clean.
Only down side was the bathroom door doesn't shut it seems to be jammed.

My husband and I had dinner here last night and the food is fresh and amazing!
I've not had Chinese food this good in a very long time.
My husband isn't really into Chinese food and I can call him a skeptic but he wanted me to tell all you yelpers that this place has the best Chinese food he's ever had.
(and mind you he's really picky) We will definitely come back to this place and the service is awesome!

Ive been here 3 times.
It's decent prices for the portions and food is great!
Service is fast and friendly.

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is fantastic if you are in the mood for some Chinese food!
The staff is very attentive to make sure to get the food ready quickly, and also makes sure that they get it done properly.
Everything I have tried has been made with fresh high quality ingredients, definitely recommend stopping by!

