Yum!
There's a lot to choose from as far as Pho goes in the area.
For some strange reason, there's like 4 places I can think of off the top of my head.
We enjoyed coming here but still enjoy our favorite "old places" more.
Convenient location just off the highway.

WARNING!!
I was heard this place was good but I was so so disappointed and upset after trying it.
I went with a group of 8 friends here, although my food was average, two of my friends got some type of chicken stir fry dish.
The chicken in the dish was spoiled and had a rotting smell!
And I know for a fact the smell was not from any sauce or spice, it was just plain spoiled chicken!
The waitress was informed and removed it from the bill but I think I should of called the county health inspector.
And we took my 2 friends to a urgent care for a per-caution for food poisoning and both later did vomit the food up.
Obviously I will never return here and WARN others.

In search for a different non chain place to eat for lunch today, I found this new gem!
It is well located just south of the 1-10.
The restaurant is clean and the servers were very friendly.
I ordered the vegetable and tofu jasmine rice dish.
The sauce was very well seasoned and the tofu had great flavor.
There were a few too many onions but overall the flavor was great!
The shrimp spring rolls are good but the peanut could use some more flavor.
The prices are very reasonable.
Most dishes are ~$6.99.
Overall great experience so my husband and I will be back to try out ore dishes on the menu.

Really enjoy this pho spot.
Only reason why I'm leaving 3 stars is due to the fact that I placed a to go order, and when I arrived 20 min later (which they said it'd be ready in 20) they said they never received the order.
So I had to wait an additional 20 minutes for an order I called in 20 minutes ago!
And to top off the filet mignonette dish I ordered tasted as if I were biting into ginger.
Was not happy with my order this time when I know how good this spot can be.

I love how this place looks!
I feel like I'm in a pho restaurant in California!
I ordered the Mi Xao and Banh Xeo..
The food was was average.
Customer service wise, our sever forgot my friends order so he sat there while we all ate our food haha.

Consistently great!
The food is always delicious and the staff is very pleasant.
If you like pho, you must come here.

I eat at Kauai Pho in Lihue at least 2, 3 times a month or I try to make it as much as I can because:
1) Awesome owners
2) great samien, way better then Hamuras because Pho makes everything natural n healthy.
3) As a steady customer I don't even have to tell them what my order is because they already know me n what I love eating.
4) Their shrimp yellow noodle saimen is plain "AWESOME!!!"
I give then a 20 star rating...

Wow,wow,wow!!!!
Originally from Los Angeles where there are tons of really good pho places to eat.I moved to the west side (buckeye) a year ago ,and have not been able to find a good pho place.
I had gone to PT noddles in Goodyear,but
Unfortunately it wasn't that good(sorry).
Found this place and talk to the guy at the counter...he said they were only 3 months old...Wow,the food was super good..a lot of noodles and the meat was super good..very clean and friendly establishment...They got themselves a new returning customer for life!!
!would definitely recommend to my friends!
!A++

<SUMMARIES>
This is the place to go if you're in need of a good Pho spot.
There is a lot of good food to choose from, whether you're in the mood for a sushi dish, some stir fry chicken, or a vegetarian option.
Every mean is packed with veggies so you never leave feeling like you pigged out on something unhealthy.
The look and feel of the place is pretty unique as well.

