My dad took me to this steakhouse for my birthday.
It was one of the best meals I have ever eaten, thought it was pretty expensive.
I am a big fan of seafood, seafood tower and lobster chowder was a hit.
For the main course, I got the porterhouse steak and a side of lobster mashed potatoes.
And my dad ordered filet mignon.
It was all very delicious, but 250$ later.
I wish it a bit cheaper, so I could come here more often.
Thank for great meal!

Phenomenal.
This is NOT like other steak houses.
The decor and ambiance is very comfortable and beautiful.
Bidet toilets in the women's room.
The service is excellent, crumber for the table, fresh cracked pepper, wine poured once your glass gets low, complete attention to detail.
The "bread" that's brought is a full olive and cheese spread.
The caesar salad is delicious.
The scallops are cooked to perfection and the pairings on the plate were unbelievable.
The Chilean sea bass was crisped and tasty, with a seamless and unbreakable sauce.
The truffle mac and cheese was delightful and light.
I did not think H60 was more expensive than any other great steak house.
Amazing meal and date night out.

One of the best places in town for a steak.
Always an amazing meal and excellent service.

My favourite steak in Toronto .
I find the service and food always to be perfect ...more on the classic side ..
But never a bad experience

I love harour sixty.
it's such an old world charming place.
I also love that for a steak house, it offers a wide array of selection in other dishes (I hate going to steak houses when I'm not in the mood at the insistence of my company and not having any options).
And of course, everything is super delicious and the service is always impeccable.

It's pretty much as you expect for the money.
Nothing to complain in terms of food but in comparison to barbarians it is more expensive...

And no pickled vegetables for appetizers :(

Excellent steaks!
Rented the private dining room for a group reservation.
Food was excellent but room was noisy and at the end the orders all got mixed up and wait staff was bringing either wrong items or serving them to the wrong guests.
I believe the food is great but the service could be better.

Amazing experience here.
Top notch service, everything came through as expected for Harbour Sixty.
You get what you pay for.
We saw some Leafs hanging out at the bar and a couple who sat in front of each other for an hour and a half and did not say more than two words to each other.
I guess money doesn't buy you happiness, but it can get you a solid meal.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has some amazing, tasty steaks!
They are breathtaking!
The menu also has seafood options that are just as delicious!
The only downside is that its pretty expensive, however you get top quality meat for what you pay for.
You won't even notice the price when your stomach is filled with the best seasoned meat you've ever had.

