Really good honey walnut shrimp.
Ordered delivery.
Wasn't expecting it nearly as quickly as it came.
Was really pleased with the whole experience.
Delicious and quick.
What else could I have hoped for.

It was decent.
They messed up my order slightly, but overall I will try them again.
They were though, very quick on delivery, which I appreciated.

Always always always order from here.Its always fresh and the service is great.
For the price you pay you can feed a lot of people with plently left over for the next day.There always coupons available and you always get something free when you spend a certain amount.Now I'm hungry..

It's pretty hard to find a Chinese restaurant that's decent enough to just grab and go.
This place is perfect for that.
The food is pretty good and I like that the cooks wear hats!
They give pretty good portions too.

This place was absolutely fantastic!!!
We are big-time yelpers and neither one of us are the huge fans of Chinese food both very picky when it comes to it!!!
With that said we locate at this place with her the less than a couple of miles from our house from the time we walked in super friendly service everything we ordered was absolutely fantastic!!!
From the war wonton soup the honey walnut shrimp Hong Kong noodles as well as their egg rolls absolutely to die for!!!!
Their portions are huge and the leftovers are even better the next day!!!
Would definitely try delivery next time as the reviews are great on it and I believe everything would come piping hot as well as top-quality

First time trying this place...
It's clean, the service was really good, and the menu was typical.
I ordered the chicken lo mein and combination fried rice.
The food was full of flavor, and I'm glad I have a new option when I want Chinese.
Check it out people.

We have had two deliveries and both were perfect.
This is now who we call for Chinese food.
Very easy to order online.

food was okay chicken was not the color it was supposed to be so made me a little iffy prices are very good and inside is very clean.
would only order here if nothing else was available though

<SUMMARIES>
I ordered delivery because I wanted some Chinese food quickly and they made it to my house in a good times.
They made a slight error on what I ordered and gave me something I didn't want.
It's not the best place but it is good for what it is.

