Hi 

The Spa at Lakeside is great .
April gives a relaxing message and is sensitive to your needs.
Stanley E

Absolutely incredible experience.
From the moment I walked in I felt at ease.
I ordered their Serenity package and left feeling, dare I say, serene.
This was just the kind of thing I needed after the holidays, and as a special treat to myself.
If I could give this place more stars I would, and I'll definitely be a returning customer.

Awesome place.
Got a 90 min massage from Jose.
He is amazing, definitely planning on going back for other services.
The view of that lake is so pretty, check it out after your down.

Barbara has hands from the heavens!
Best massage ever!
Great atmosphere at the spa too.
Definitely will be back everyone is so friendly.

Had a couples massage and foot scrub for our anniversary.
It was amazing!
They have wonderful deals and service.
We will be back.

This place was a great find.
The big hotel chains charge way too much.
I got a 3 hour treatment for what you'd pay in one of the big hotels for an hour.
My massage, facial, and foot awakening was great.
I especially liked Diane she was very friendly and I didn't feel like the last client of the night (even though I was).
I'd go back in a heart beat.

Sooo relaxing!
Highly recommend.
He massage felt great and the the foot awakening was peaceful out by the lake.

My husband and I am went here for the first time this past weekend for a massage and foot and leg treatment.
The customer service was awesome and Abigail and Michael gave us amazing massages.
Great prices, great customer service- what more can you ask for?!
A huge thanks to Rick and his daughter for providing excellent customer service and answering any and all questions we had.
My husband and I would definitely recommend this place.
.
.you won't regret it!
We will be back!
:)

<SUMMARIES>
Incredible and relaxing massages here.
You get treated like you're special and the service is great.
Afterwards I felt like a new person because it was that good.
The prices aren't too bad and you get what you paid for, and more.
I'll definitely be going back because of the great service I received.

