The Cupcakery left me feeling a little lacklustery!
I had the lemon and orange cupcakes.
They were tasty but just okay for me.
The decorations were almost non existent on all of the cupcakes.
For the price and hoop la about this place you just expect more.

Yummy!!!
I had the tickle me pink chocolate cupcake which I enjoyed very much!
Service was great!

I came over to the Monte Carlo specifically for a cupcake because I had to have at least one during our LV trip.
This is located in the shops located behind the casino.
The first you noticed, of course, was the huge display cupcake sitting on the counter.
The walls were adorned with cute pink wallpaper and a few sets of cute t-shirts were set up.
All of the cakes looked good, but I decided to try the chocolate peanut butter cupcake.
The crunchy peanut butter frosting tasted delicious and the cake was good, but was not the best I have ever eaten.
And $3.75 was really expensive for one cupcake.
Oh well, it was my one cupcake in Vegas.

More like the Cupcrapery.....

1.
Pretty and sparkly on the outside, nasty in the inside.
2.
I didn't read YELP first.
Fail.
3.
Basically the same as what everyone else said.
Dry cupcakes.
Frosting is gritty sugar.
Not even the fluffy or creamy kind.
Just gritty.
4.
I had the oh my gosh ganache, kir royale, coco frauline, and strawberry shortcake.
Out of the four the ganache was the most tolerable.
So I gave it four chances at least.
4 bucks on each cupcake.
Fail again.

Went to vegas for a bday celebration and instead of getting a cake we decided to get a dozen cupcakes for the birthday boy!!!
I don't specifically remember all the cupcakes but I do remember the Kir Royale cupcake because it was simply beautiful.
Edible (?)
glitter topped the delicate frosting and I want another one now!!!
Sure it's pricey but it's vegas.
Anyways, would come back for a sweet treat.

For the price, you would expect more.
The deserts at the buffets were better!

I don't know what everyone else is talking about.
This place had a pretty good cupcake.
I had a Kir Royale, raspberry cupcake, champagne infused, and with silver glitter to top.
Maybe if I were super picky, I would say it was a tiny bit dry, but I'm not going to be so critical.
The raspberry taste and the frosting made the cupcake fantastic.
Yum.
I'm hopefully going to try the cinnamon roll one and the orange-pineapple one.

I'd give it a four if the goal was to have a Little Debbie, but even then this place falls short.
Not a good choice.
If you're looking for a sweet treat, there is a Pink Berry in front of The Cosmopolitan.

<SUMMARIES>
The cupcakes are pretty good.
Not amazing, but good.
Some people don't seem to like it but I feel that it just really depends on the person and what they are in the mood for.
They have some unique flavors of cupcakes and quite a variety.
Price was a little on the high side, but this isn't a cheap place and that's probably why.

