I absolutely love Fuku Tea!
I had a bad boba experience at a different shop and swore off boba since then, but a friend introduced me to Fuku and I have never looked back.
My order is accurate every single time, no matter what I order (I highly recommend getting the Thai Iced Tea with boba).
The tea itself is delicious, and service is incredibly fast.
Never heard a single complaint about them.
I love it so much, I go weekly.
That much.

10/10 one of the best bubble tea places in Pittsburgh.
Drinks are made fresh and delicious.
Cups are a little smaller than the everyday noodles (in squirrel hill) bubble tea cups but Fuku tea is cheaper.
Loved the new green Thai tea drink!
Recommend this drink with grass jelly ^_^ also the regular Thai tea is my fav at Fuku tea and a must have for people who love sweet drinks!

Fuku is on my top two best bubble tea places in Pittsburgh!
I would say Fuku is great for fruity/tea drinks, whereas at Everyday Noodles I'd prefer to get milk teas there.
My go-to is usually the traditional green tea, no sweetness, tapioca topping with honey and peach/mango flavors.
Or I would get the golden lemonade.
Fuku is a really popular place to hang out with friends, do casual meet-ups, or even study.
I think I usually run into someone I know every time I go there haha.
Best bubble tea fix when coming back to school :)

This little shop just had their soft opening, and so far, I'm really liking what Fuku Tea has to offer to Oakland.
The bubble tea here is delicious and more customizable than the other bubble tea stores on campus (and cheaper than Chick 'N Bubbly), and the store sells cute pastries, including macaroons.
Fuku Tea also sells loose, hot teas, which I will definitely be trying in the winter.
I'm considering coming here from now on for at least their bubble tea.

It was cool that you could choose ingredients and toppings.
The people there also so nice and happy to start their first days

I went back there today and they still seems very excited about their business.
They are happy to interact and provide good service.
The tea there is also nice.
I like both their green tea and black tea though so far I prefered green tea as it has a lighter taste in my opinion.
I'm never tried the bubbled teas with milk but I recommened both the mango and the Almond flavor.
Don't forget the tropica as they are what makes bubble tea fun right?

Nice little shop in the heart of Oakland; the boba was actually a little disappointing because it didn't mix as well as it should have, but the little dessert I bought (a chocolate mousse) made up for it enough for me to swing them up to a 4 star rating.
Seems like a nice place to study.

I love how clean and straight forward this place is!
They have a lot of the authentic loose tea options along with their signature milk teas and smoothies.
The service was friendly and fast.
I also LOVE that they have a soy milk option.
It changes EVERYTHING for me since I'm lactose-intolerant.
I ordered the small Thai iced tea with soy milk and it tasted DELICIOUS.
The tapioca pearls were soft and chewy.
Prices were fair.
I will come back here for future boba tea purchases!

Great bubble tea.
I got a coconut black tea with bubbles and was very happy with it.
Glad to see they rinse their tapioca until they are fully hydrated and then hold them in a warm crock prior to serving, so they are not under-cooked at all upon serving.
Also, they don't skimp out on bubbles, I got about half a cup in a small tea.
I'll be back again.

<SUMMARIES>
Great place for bubble tea , lots of options to customize your drinks and toppings!
They also offer loose teas and milk teas.
The desserts are nice as well, they offer mousse, macaroons, and pastries ect.
The price point is fair, cheaper than some other local options.
Great atmosphere to meet up with friends and chat, but also relaxing enough to come in and study.

