This place rocks!
I found a quote to replace my windshield from their website and when I called the manager, Chris, said they would do it for less and have me out the door in less than an hour.
I waited less than 20 minutes and my windshield was finished.
These guys are awesome!
Best deal in town with the best customer service!

I moved to Las Vegas 3 years+ ago, and my convertible top was damaged from old age.
I asked the guys at Superior for a recommendation on a place to get the top repaired since they are family owned and operated.
When I went to their recommended place (West Charelston Auto Upholstery) the Todd Craik at WCAU did the repair free of charge.
About 1 month ago I wanted to sell my old 2004 Honda Civic, which had a cracked windshield.
I asked Superior for their best cash price (i.e.
Green $ no credit card) and the finished the installation in 35 minutes with an appointment all for $140!
They are competitive and fast!

Amazing customer service from the Manager, Chris.
I got one of my cars tinted about 2 years ago and it's still great to this day (so great that I got my other car tinted as well!)
Good prices and quick turn around


I definitely recommend these guys!

Needing a windshield replacement, I called several different places before coming across Superior.
I spoke to Chris who quoted me a price that was nearly half of every other company I called.
Needless to say I was hesitant because it sounded too good to be true but I decided to use Superior anyway.
Thank goodness I did!
Chris was accommodating to my last minute schedule changes, open to any questions and concerns I had, and (most importantly) he stayed true to his price quote and didn't try to get more money out of me.
My windshield looks awesome and I am completely satisfied with the quality of work that Chris provided.
I will definitely be recommending this place to everyone I know!

Just had my car windows tinted today.
Bob was very helpful and my car was done in about an hour...he also gave me a good price.
Great job and very efficient.
I am recommending Superior to friends and family.

Chris is beyond professional.
Quality work, awesome business.
Came to get my windows tinted and they got me right in.
Took about 2 hours and the price was very fair.
You get what you pay for!
:)

I wish I could rate them more than 5 stars.
Chris was amazing, from speaking to him on the phone to meeting him in person.
He was so enthusiastic and willing to help us out.
We're from California and happened to get a chip on the windshield during the drive out to Vegas, but I would drive out here for the great prices and fantastic service.
I highly recommend Superior Auto Glass.

I got my front windshield replaced after a rock cracked it ... he gave me a great price , and through phone call and in person was excellent customer service!
He said it was an hr wait and i think they even did it faster than that !
I would highly recommend them to anybody i know .. one of the best services ive had in awhile in this town...

<SUMMARIES>
I had to have my windshield replaced so I came here.
They have online quotes, but it can be less or more, so definitely talk to someone real for a realistic quote.
Both Bob and Chris are really helpful and seem to really want to help.
You can tell they want their customers to keep coming back and build a loyal customer base.
When I called Chris on the phone he went above and beyond to help me.
Fast service too!

