The food and service were very good.
As is typical with Vegas, when you get a bottle of wine they are pouring it at the speed of light so your table drinks faster and they ask you if you want another.
Why not but actually we'd like to taste it.
I had the seabass wrapped in a thin bacon, very good..
The make your own salad with up to ten items was great.
Everybody loved the food, the Orin Swift Prisoner by the bottle was fabulous (red blend from Napa), and the service was very good.
We closed things out with a tequila shot to get things moving along.
Will go back.

We had our wedding reception dinner here.
We had a family style prix fixe with an emphasis on seafood.
Truly fantastic.
Oysters, crab legs, etc.
The family style was great, as everyone could try the perfectly cooked steak, scallops, or salmon (the chicken was fine, but everything else was significantly better).
Service was also top notch.
There were several people continually helping with each course and making adjustments (wait for the next course, bring the next one faster, etc.).
At the end, there was a small mixup with the pricing but that was quickly resolved.

First of all, I am a seafood fan.
And both times I went here I was a guest of someone else so I wasn't paying the bill.
That being said, the lobster corn dogs are amazing!
Also the chilean sea bass.
Get the salad that you can customize and you will not be disappointed.

First time dining here.
Heard much about Michael Mina.
Place was pretty empty at 6pm on a Friday night.
Food was a absolute 10, but the wait service was a 2.
I must say the buser was fantastic.
Our server was too chatty about nothing and was not helpful in making choices.
Drinks went dry often this night, we would getr so partched.
Fod was fabulous.
Appetizer octopus and smelt fries were tasty and inovative.
The angry lobster and grilled scallops were perfect.
Spicy lobster on a bed of fideo with baby leeks, artichokes and fennel.
The scallops were so tender just warmed through.

Amazing!
If you are local and haven't noticed, many properties like MGM have spring/summer tasting menus that are perfect for a nice night out.
They range depending on the restaurant of course, but they are amazing deal for a nice 3-4 course menu.
One of our fav meals so far still, and we've been here 6 years.

For an overpriced Vegas restaurant, this one isn't bad.
Great seafood platter, good scallops, excellent scalloped potatoes, and they threw in some more potatoes since we ordered so much stuff.

Dinner # 2 of last week's vegas trip.
I wasn't so hot on the space, as I felt like I could have been eating in a chain restaurant.
There was also zero talent in the place.
For Vegas, even during a guy-dominated convention, that is simply inexcusable (and don't forget that the AVNers were showing up around then).

My friends and I stayed at MGM last week.
After hitting a straight flush in three card poker I thought I'd take the guys out to a solid dinner.
For an appetizer we ordered the king crab legs, which were nice and fresh and provided just enough for 3-4 of us to sample a couple legs.
I ordered the salmon and had it cooked medium.
Enjoyable, but nothing spectacular.
I believe the others ordered scallops, steak, and pasta.
Definitely worth checking out if you win some money at the casino, but otherwise I'd look elsewhere considering the steep price for the good, but not excellent food.

<SUMMARIES>
This place will leave you with very satisfied.
Definitely one of the best seafood joints in Vegas.
They have a very large menu to choose from and it includes things like oysters, lobster, crabs, pretty much anything you could want as far as seafood.
They even mix in steak and chicken to some of the meals.
I was very impressed.

