The food is fresh and amazing.
We ordered the grilled chicken platter and tea and everything was extremely good.
You can tell the food is authentic and the owner is very friendly.
This is our third visit in two weeks and we will definitely be back.

Exceptional.
Well priced, phenomenal service, fresh and high quality ingredients, and delicious food.
I had beef kabob, rice, and vegetables, accompanied with the fresh, made daily in house bread.
The meal was served with a great salad, which may be the nicest house salad I've ever seen.
I found myself returning the next day and tried the chicken kabob, which was again perfectly cooked and seasoned.
For the price you get a very good amount of food.
They don't over do it at all, you will feel satisfied after your mean but not overly stuffed.
I have no hesitation returning to this restaurant and recommending it to others.

MoMo's is an absolute gem of a restaurant!
The food is incredibly tasty--perfectly spiced and cooked.
All ingredients are fresh and high-quality.
If you are looking for truly outstanding, authentic, healthy food--this is your place.
Our server was incredibly attentive and welcoming.
Price cannot be beat--we fed our family of 4 here including fresh salads, delicious moroccan tea for all, generous meals, fresh-baked bread, and the amazing French cookie sampler, all for under $45.
We truly enjoyed this place and recommend highly to others!

The food was fantastic (lamb medallions) and the service was excellent.
The food was cooked to perfection and tasted very fresh.
The owner is very personable, friendly, and attentive.
Make sure you tell them if you want the tea or not because it will be added to your bill.
We never asked for it but it was presented so we thought it was included.
Enjoy!

We haven't had good moroccan food in cleveland in quite some time.
Place is a small sit down spot right down the block from cedar lee cinema.
My wife and sis each had a kabob, one chicken and one beef they were both season well and pretty good, but not the best I ever had.
But what I really enjoyed was the couscous which is a north african staple.
The restaurant has couscous on fridays and tajines on saturday as specials.
I got the lamb couscous (pictured) but beef and vegan couscous were also offered as options.
Plus a pot of moroccan mint tea for $5, I will def be coming back to explore more menu options

Absolutely recommend this one and only Moroccan restaurant in Cleveland!
Three of us shared tabouli, beef kabob, chicken kabob, Harira soup, French cookies and hot sweet mint tea.
They cook with a wood fired oven that brings a delicious smokey flavor to the food.
Even the veggies were cooked in the oven.
The bread was divine!
The decor was of course very Moroccan with fluffy sofas and several colorful poufs to sit on.
Muhammed is a very friendly host.
Definitely check this place out!

An authentic Moroccan experience!
Start with the mint tea and order the special of the day.
If it is beef tajine (like today's lunch), then you're in for a real treat!
The owner, Mo will start you off with a crisp salad and warm bread.
A few minutes after you're done, he will bring out a traditional tajine earthen pot.
Lift the lift and enjoy!

(4.5) Dope place with awesome tea and delicious cookies.
The menu may be simple but the food is all great.
Even the bread is delicious!
Everything tastes extremely fresh.
It's like the chef just bought everything the same day.
The service is great and courteous.
If you get the mint tea the server will give it to you the Moroccan way!

<SUMMARIES>
If you are in the market for some great fresh food this is a wonderful restaurant to check out.
The food is authentically Moroccan and they always have great specials that change every day.
All of their kabobs feature excellent cuts of meat, fresh vegetables, and are cooked and seasoned to perfection.
I also recommend trying their mint tea, it is amazing.

