Don't be fooled by the name, it is possible to eat healthy foods at this establishment.
The manager was very nice and offered me a lot of drink choices that were both nondairy and fruit-based.
I was able to put together a low carbohydrate soy coconut smoothie that was both delicious and healthy.
I'm very happy to come here again knowing that this place caters to everyone.

This place is pretty small, but they have a lot of donut choices.
They also sell boba (Asian drink).
The place is cozy.
My kids loves it.
I'm not a big donut fan but they got good flavors.
Definitely coming here next time.
Good customer service.

There is a reason this place has such good reviews (in my opinion it deserves 5 stars).
Every time I have gone, the owner always gives me a couple of donut holes, free of charge.
I don't eat donuts often, but when I'm in the mood for one I'm fortunate enough to live just down the street from this place.
Everyone in the Mesa area should come here at least once.
Their coconut cream filled donuts are to die for.
Their smoothies are amazing too.
If I could write a million 5-star reviews for them, I absolutely would.

Would give this place more stars, but I haven't tried my raspberry fritter yet.
This review is for their drinks.
Unfortunately, they use powdered flavoring a for their drinks.
I was excited when she had said that they use "real fruit" in their fruit yogurt drinks.
To my disappointment, even asking if she could add some extra blueberries, she poured in about 5-6 blueberries over about 2 ounces of a liquefied yogurt, added powdered flavoring a and ice and water, and there appeared my wonderful blueberry yogurt shake.
No thanks.... Maybe I would come again for donuts.

Best donuts I have found in Mesa or AZ in the 28 years I've lived here!
Excellent selection, Friendly people and YUMMY!

This has become our new weekend tradition to grab some donuts and a boba tea.
We found this place a couple months ago and have loved it everytime.
The staff there is extremely friendly and welcoming and of course all the donuts are delicious!
If you haven't stopped in before, definitely check it out and you won't be disappointed!
!

THIS PLACE IS BOMB!!!
Look, I'm not saying this place is necessarily a place I'd "hang out" at but everything they serve is simply awesome!
You'll never want doughnuts from anywhere else again.
Bubble Tea is here to if that's your deal!

Apparently we went here on an off day.
We decided to stop in and try this new neighborhood donut shop.
We ordered a berry smoothie, French Vanilla Iced Coffee and two old fashioned donuts.
The smoothie was tasteless, the iced coffee was too sweet and the donuts were crunchy and tasted like grease dipped in sugar glaze.
The boy (11 or 12 years old) that waited on us was very efficient and nice.
Won't be back.
We threw everything out, wasn't edible.

<SUMMARIES>
This place may be a doughnut shop but they serve much more than that.
You can order a smoothie or tea, and with a bit of thinking you can even make it healthy.
The doughnuts are of course awesome as they should be for a restaurant dedicated to them.
Some of the smoothies are made with powdered flavorings if you dislike that kind of thing but they are great.
They seem to have off days every once and awhile because the last time I was there the doughnuts tasted pretty bad but that was just one visit and everyone gets a second chance.

