Liked the outdoor space and the beer is really good.
Wish they had more seating

Jalapeno pale ale....maybe a little crazy....but so good.
I have been going to Birdsong since they first opened.
I have always enjoyed their Free Will.
They have made a couple new brews as of late that I sampled and all are really good.
I love that they are right across the way from Noda Brewery and tend to always go to both of them during my visits.
I love the games and the free peanuts.
For the quality of the beer, I feel the prices are really good.
Hoping to see some additional brews in the future.

Birdsong is a gem.
A true gem!
I was over at NoDa and wandered back and around to Birdsong.
The staff were vvery friendly and I found the bar a bit like home.
They have a great outdoor area and, most importantly, their beer is quality.
I'm generally not a fan of flavored beers.
IPA POR VIDA!
but!
their Jalapeno Pale Ale!?
Hello deliciousness.
Seriously.
Give it a try.

Great beer to try!
Fun flavors like Jalapeno Pale Ale.
the staff inside is nice and friendly.
I was able to get a t-shirt with no hassle at all.
The outdoor seating area is wonderful.
Birdsong is next door to NoDa, so you should definitely check it out!

Great atmosphere!
Was a band on the Saturday night we were there that was excellent!
The beers were wonderful as well, would be back!

This is a hiden gem....reminds me of Asheville ,nc nice happy laid bk plp and great beer.
The JALEPENO PALE ALE was Amazen.....it drove my sinses in overload.
The smell and taste wrk great for it, you have got to try!

Had the extra pale ale and loved it.
In fact I loved everything about this place.
The vibe was ideal for a long night of serious causal drinking.
From the peanuts on the table to the friendly bartenders, this place just felt homey as soon as you sat on a stool.
But unlike other dive this bar has delicious beer and an a chill atmosphere that really makes the beer go down quick and easy.
I am looking forward to visiting again!

We thought that we would give this place a shot considering the positive reviews.
However our visit was all but positive.
First of all I don't believe that the air conditioning was working.
I know that in the past some places do this to encourage the beer consumption.
I don't necessarily have a problem with this but if thats the case at least make sure that the beer is cold.
I spoke to someone up at bar and she basically said that because the beer is brewed there its not served cold but just slightly colder than room temperature.
If I wanted a warm pint of bitter I'll go to the U.K.  Needless to say we won't be back.

<SUMMARIES>
If you're looking for a comfortable and inviting bar this is a great place to go.
They have a lot of unique beers on tap that you will not find anywhere else.
The staff here is extremely friendly, and after just a couple of minutes it feels like you are chatting with an old friend.
The next time you want to head out for some drinks give them a shot!

