Very professional staff,  helpful since it was our first time buying legal weed.
Wide variety of choices, almost overwhelming if not for the knowledgeable budtenders around.
Gpod experience..

Thanks!
Dylan is always super helpful with what I'm looking for..
The best product is what I want and the budtenders at Essence-The Strip are the best at it!
!

Candance and shehelle were amazing, they helped me find what I was looking for!
They were very helpful and showed me everything!

Sidney, you were very friendly and knowledgable with everything you showed me...
Thank you!
(:
I tried Girl Scout cookies, it isn't sticky like I'm used to but it's not dried out which has been a first for me in Vegas dispensaries so you guys are number 1 in my book.
I'll definitely be back for sure!
Thanks guys!
:D

I liked this club a lot.
I came from California for EDC and we came across this club in our way to our hotel.
Me and my friend decided to go in and look around.
Atmosphere was amazing!
The staff was so nice, was talking to us.
They knew the product and could tell us what bud was good or how it will react.
Most clubs in California wouldn't be able to tell us all their products.
I really liked this club and we will be coming back!

Essence is the best dispensary in Las Vegas.
Really nice atmosphere & great product for a great price.
Staff is the friendliest !
Alex @ this location is very helpful !

Yet again the bud is dry when can we get some sticky icky damn man lol but it was fire

A few days ago I received my approval letter  and based on reviews I knew exactly knew where to go.
Che and Brian exceeded my expectations!
Che was very friendly and welcoming.
And Brian was very patient with me.
I had no idea what I was going to get and he really helped me pick some flowers that definitely helped me get medicated the way I wanted to.
And I was shocked about the prices!
And they always have specials!
And the staff treated me like a friend, not just a customer.
I'll definitely be back again!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is excellent.
The staff and service were quick and helpful.
There knowledge of the product was quite deep, and they were more  than willing to answer questions and make sure customers left happy.
If you are in town, this should be high on your list of locations to check out.

