good thing i've eaten here before.
the food has been amazing but the last time i was here i was so pounded that i remember ordering a vod and cran as soon as we sat down.
the next thing i remember is like a snap-shot of my red drink sitting on the white table cloth, then i woke up in my hotel room the next morning...don't even remember eating this time but the food has always been great.

Wow!
Amazing food and impeccable service.
Our waiter Danny was awesome, so accommodating and nice.. and Jackson was great too- infectious smile.

I have been to plenty and I mean plenty of Chinese and Hong Kong cuisine restaurants.
Blossom has stood out, they do their own mix on traditional dishes.
I recommend the Beef Chow Fun, Walnut Prawns, & the Fried Flounder.
The walnut prawns are by far the best I've ever had, they are not completely soaked in the mayonnaise.
There is enough drizzle to where you can still taste the shrimp.
And placed underneath is a mound of cantaloupe and honeydew, I have never tasted a more perfect combination.
The flounder is fried to a crisp and juicy.
Overall, you're paying for what you get and this is a must stop in Vegas.

Amazing service!!
Amazing food!!!
Omg.... this place is so impressive!!
The atmosphere is beautiful and Victor was so sweet and personable!!
And Sam was the best server and so accommodating!!
He made our dinner experience perfect.
Let us taste wine, jokes around with us, recommended dishes and we were so impressed!!!
Thank you Blossom!!
We had a girls trip and we had reservations at STK, but last minute we canceled and came to blossom.... what a great choice!!
!

5 stars for decor and ambience c/o Aria
100 stars for customer service

The menu however didn't quite cut it for me.
I'm vegetarian and there wasn't a whole lot on there that peaked my little taste buds.
There's the usual spring rolls, fried rice, and soup you can go with but for such a high end restaurant I was expecting a little more.
The one thing you absolutely HAVE to try though is their Jasmine tea.
It's the most delicious tea i've ever tasted and honestly that almost made up for the menu being not so awesome.

auto loses a star because asian food should not be this expensive... food was great and the service was good but i just feel like i can get better asian food for a better price elsewhere... next

We ordered Peking duck, spicy lobster fried rice and Chinese broccoli.
I think only in Vegas you can spend 150.00 on three dishes for Chinese food.
Okay enough about the price, overall I enjoyed my experience here at blossom.
The staff were really attentive and I like all the high end decor.
Definitely not your typical Chinese take out.
Would I be coming back the next time I stay at Aria?
?, the answer would definitely be yes!!
!

Foods were good, but the wait is too long in between for every meal to come out, the restaurant wasnt busy at all, needa work on time management guys!!!!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Ok, so first of all, the food at Blossom is amazing.
Its some of the most quality Chinese food you'll ever eat.
The fried flounder is crispy and full of flavor!
The atmosphere is pretty good too.
The only bad thing is the fact that it will cost you an arm and a leg to eat  here.
But that's just the price you pay for quality food.

