My iPhone 5c screen and LCD was replaced and work great!
I'm very happy with the repair.

Awesome, quick service !
Great customer service !
We arrived with broken iPhone screen and left within 15 minutes with brand new screen.

I can honestly say this is hands dibs the best iPhone repair shop I have ever been too.
I have has work done on multiple phones here and every time I call around for prices wireless doctor prices are the best by $50 or more!!!
The customer service is always amazing I get my phone back in perfect condition.
These people really stand behind their work as well!
Great place, great prices, great people, great workmanship.
What more can you ask for?

Took my iPhone with a cracked screen here back in Jan and in March took my kid cracked ipads here.
They are reasonably priced and if heaven forbid my kids break or I break my new phone I'll def bring it back here

Great place!
My phone need a repair as soon is possible and this place was super fast and efficient, awesome!customer service and price was very reasonable, you can't be with out a phone on this days, next time if you have any cell phone issues don't think twice and bring your device to this place,  % recommended

Great service.
Super nice staff.
I shattered my iPhone 5 screen.
They had it fixed within 2 hours of me dropping it off.
Looks better than new.
They guaranteed everything be fixed and working normally.
Absolutely recommend them.
Would go back for any issue I had with my electronics!

Very nice place the moment I walked in I was greeted with a smile!!!
My phone was taken back right away!!!
Didn't even take that long was in and out.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that needs there screen fixed or anything on there phone.Thank you sooooo much wireless doctor for fixing my phone!

Fast and easy service!
My iPhone 6 was repaired same day and everyone was friendly and professional!
Thanks to Justin and Prof. X!

<SUMMARIES>
This is an amazing place to go to if your iphone gets damaged.
I took my phone there last month and the fixed it very quickly, sometimes within 15 minutes!
Also, the prices are prewtty good as well.
When your iphone gets damaged, don't fear!
They got you covered.

