Pretty good food and a cool staff, just smile a little more and the rating would be better.
CUSTOMER SERVICE MATTERS!!
!

What happened here?
I went to this place maybe five times and my last visit the portions were way smaller.
The food here is good but apparently they cut their portions.
I ordered three wraps and all three of us were left hungry.
Thanks for responding, I went to your restaurant on Monday April 20th.
I ordered 2 Balboas and a Santa Fe chicken wrap.
I placed the order over the phone and the cashier seemed new or just confused.
The main issue I had was the wraps, now in a smaller container weren't nearly as big.
All three of us felt the same and were left somewhat disappointed.

I have recently been guided by my loving wife to a healthier eating lifestyle.
It's been difficult because most of the time it tastes like dirt.
Today I have been converted.
I had this amazing meal that has me so converted that I decided to try out a weeks worth of meal preps.
Being on the run my normal lunches consist of fast food and snacks.
I think this may be a great solution to my issue of eating something actually good for me rather than something to just fill my gut.
If you want something awesome, try out the ahi and avocado salad.
It was AMAZING!

I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.
Friendly staff, good food and lots of choices.
I'll definitely be back.

In spite of the avg of three stars, this place is worthwhile.
Food is tasty, carb-conscious, and made right in front of you.
Service is good.
Décor best described as "bro", which is a cool novelty.
Across from Sportman's, which is also cool.
One star off for portion size.

Great atmosphere, food is tasty and staff is friendly.
The restaurant was recently remodeled and the new owners are awesome!
It's nice to go out to eat and not feel guilty about your calorie intake.
I had the godfather and it was delicious.
Give this place a try!

Been wanting to try this place for a while and finally went.
Fist impression was i noticed the cooking line/area was cluttered a didnt look clean.
The cooks were wearing gloves but unfortunately wiping sweat from their foreheads and continuing to cook and handle food.
I ordered the mmg signature wrap which didnt taste bad but had a horrible smell to it, not sure if it was cheese or sauce or smells mixing with the side broccolli.
The worst part about the experience is i have spent the last hour with repeated visits to the toilet after eating (sorry to be graphic).
The peach pear smoothie was pretty tasty.
I unfortunately will not be back.

I appreciate seeing new healthy options in my city.
It's just sad to see that they aren't all great as they seem to be.
A healthier approach should be tasty!
I ordered the Mexicana which tasted like canned salsa on top; Sweet Potato fries which tasted like they were microwaved after being frozen ($3.99); and a side of guac $1.99 for 2 oz

It got me by from hunger but I would not be coming back.

<SUMMARIES>
This place has some fantastic healthy food if you're looking to try something new.
The staff here is very friendly and helpful when it comes to picking an item from the menu.
Everything they serve is low in carbs, high in quality fresh ingredients, and made in front of you.
I highly recommend this place the next time you're in the mood for some great food that is healthy!

