What a nice place.
wish there was a bit of better explanation of what to do but it tasted wonderful.
A bit pricey but I could tell that when I walked in.
I really enjoyed the food though

The wine bar has a nice selection of wines, albeit a little on the expensive side.
The service was decent although flagging down someone for another glass at times can be a bother.
This seemed to be an issue for tables that were further from the bar.
It was also nice to have the store right next door now as opposed to being across the street.

WInes by the glass change all the time.
A place where knowing about wine is helpful, but the choices are so well selected you won't make a mistake if you don't know anything.
The small plates are Really good.
Patio is great for people watching.
The wine flights are perfect for trying out new things!
Love going here with girlfriends after a good movie right down the street(walking distance) at Phillips place theater.

I really love that this place is here & you can find speciality items that normal grocers don't carry.
I was able to find some products I've had my eye on for a long time(the coconut cult probiotic yogurt)& ghee butter by fourth & heart.
I love that this place is close by but omg it's expensive.
I was so excited to find the goods but was also shock on how expensive they were.
But overall I do plan to go back & try their deli.
The fresh food looked & smelled soooo good!!
It's a must I go back

I thought I'd write a short update to D&D Wine Room....

Thursday night Hubster and I went here for a glass-o-vino and to celebrate three things.
Me, My birthday, and the weekend.
LOL!
I love everyone here.
So friendly, so nice, and....is that someone playing an acoustic guitar??
Such a wonderful touch!!
Sitting on the patio underneath the trees lined with white Christmas lights and listening to the amazing singer sing "Marry Me" almost brought me to tears.
It's the simple things in life....
I heart you D&D wine room....thank you for a great Thursday night!

Who would have thought that December would be a good time to have lunch on the patio at Dean and DeLuca?
That is what I did today and it was divine.
I love coming here to build my own salad.
I had the pear vinaigrette dressing and I could have sucked that up through a straw.
Even though it is a little pricey, the options for the salad bar and sandwich bar and sides are the best.
It's also a fabulous place to pick up a bottle of wine or some spices or other kitchen items.
The atmosphere here is trendy and there is usually a good number of patrons dining and shopping.
Definitely a winner in Charlotte.

I always stop in for a delicious sandwich before a movie.
But, like an abusive relationship, I keep coming back for the hot sandwiches no matter how many times I get burned by the customer service.

The Dean & Deluca wine room never fails to deliver some of the very best food in Charlotte.
No pretense, just really great quality food with a creative flair, and good spirited and attentive service.
And they recently added valet parking making a visit to Phillips Place on a Fri or Saturday night seamless.

<SUMMARIES>
Dean & Deluca wine room is one of my favorite places to go before or right after a movie.
The selection is amazing.
The prices can be a bit high on some items but they make up for it with atmosphere and ambiance.
The outdoor patio is perfect to sit back and relax with a glass of wine and people watch.
There selection rotates often but you can always find something good.
The added music just sets this place that much closer to perfection.

