First this place was so hot!!
I couldn't even have fun and chill.
It was St. Patricks Day so i thought it would be a fun happy hour.
Nope, I was really disappointed.
The drinks are over priced and the service is just okay.
My card was misplaced for 5 minutes.
The bartender told me she handed it back to me.
I would know if my card was given back to me especially if it was on top of the receipt.
I was made to feel really uncomfortable because I was told that I had misplaced my own card.
The card was finally located in the bartenders cup which holds all of the receipts and cards.
So it wasn't my fault.
Not sure if I will be back.

Friendly and attentive service, yummy tacos and stiff margaritas.
Will definitely come back next time we're in town.

Awesome service, great atmosphere and really good tacos.
Came in on taco Tuesday and could not have been more pleased.

It was my first time eating here, after driving by it so many times.
The food was great and AMAZING service from Charity!!!
Well definitely be back....she was awesome!!
!

If I could give zero stars, I would.
Service is awful awful awful AWFUL.
45 min for chicken nuggets and fries.
Don't know their beers and whether they have it available or not... al pastor tastes like beef and nothing like the menu states.
Get some more intelligent people to run your restaurant if you want to survive.

If you want a beer, great!
If you want food, try some other place.
The tacos, the burrito, the fries, no thank you.

I am so disappointed with this place.
I saw the reviews but still decided to give them a try.
The food was fine and the pricing was bad either.
The service was TERRIBLE though.
I will never give them another dime.
The staff was rude and we didn't even get our drinks or even water until after the food was served.
I really don't even know how this place in in business.
They really need to upgrade their staff and get some new training.

dont do it.
i love tacos and if you do to then go somewhere else.
horchata was warm??
carne was bland, salsa was mild as ketchup, pastor was bland, the mf bill was sooooo high

<SUMMARIES>
This place was awful!
How do you screw up tacos?
The tacos I ordered tasted old and disgusting.
The staff isn't very nice either.
They always seemed rushed and are in no mood to help.
Place they need to fix the air conditioner in this place.
I was sweltering hot!

