We were looking for something different and I've driven by a bunch of times.
Got seated right away and since we've never been, Bill walked us through the process.
Tons of protein and veggie choices and sauces too.
On to the grill and a few minutes later we were chowing!

This is some of the most interesting and delicious food I've had in a LONG time.
You get seated, then go up and load up your bowl.
Many different meat choices, lots of veggies, and some very tasty sauces.
Your food is cooked on a big grill, and normally comes out very quickly.
The staff is always very nice to me.
Will be coming back soon!

Great selection of fresh meats and vegi's - sauces are to die for; reasonably priced and kids love it.
Watch out for coupons, they have them often.

Giving a 2nd update, and I have to downgrade again.
And I would tell you not to even give this place a chance.
Went here for a birthday; not by choice.
Prices are rising for the bowls.
Even with a water, you can't get a normal sized bowl and walk out for less than $15 (when adding in tip).
At that price, you shouldn't be serving up frozen meat.
Genghis Grill has slowly lost customers at this location and the lower food quality is why.
I used to be a loyal patron 4 years ago but they cut corners on the food.
Do not waste your time here unless you want to pay $15 for frozen chicken.

This place should be great.
It is a chain and I've eaten at other ones - but this place is just to busy and poorly run.
The service is sporadic and the erratic.
The proteins in the food bar were frozen.
The kitchen keeps the restaurant open and maybe on slow nights this place is still a go to for midweek ethnic food - but on weekends stay away.
We got our appetizer after our entree.

This was a fun place to eat,  you can build your own bowl (like a typical mongolian restaurant) and they have an unlimited option for $4 more which is great for trying different creations.
One thing i really liked was the "starch"  options.
They offer noodles and rice,  but also offer things like tortillas which adds a whole new element.
Very reasonably priced.

So far the best experience I've ever had in a restaurant in my entire life.
I'm from India and moved to San Francisco in 2009 and I'm visiting family in charlotte.
I believe our server name was BILL and he was very nice and polite and friendly.
I haven't experienced that in many places.
I felt so comfortable and welcoming.
And of course the food was awesome I was kind of frustrated with the process but man the food came out great.
Thanks for this great experience.
You guys need to bring this to San Francisco!!
And not to mention the free refills on the drinks and you can choose different drinks as well.

Nothing all that spectacular in my opinion.
Marinated beef was chewy and I ended up picking out most of it.
Sauces tasted a little bland after cooking.
Dinner bowl is $9.99 which is a little pricey considering the choices and portions.
I'd rather pay a little more and go to Kabuto Japanese Steak house where the food is cooked in front of you with some added entertainment provided by the cook.
Good thing I had a coupon so I was able to shave a little off the total.
I think one visit is good enough for me.

<SUMMARIES>
They have an interesting and wide selection of food to choose from, which is really neat.
However, the quality of the food is only okay, and I'm not sure I can recommend going here.
Some of the food chews weird and is a bit pricey for what you get

