I have been coming here for years.
They have good-priced combos with the salmon combo and bulgogi combos being my favourites.
Got takeout once and they included the extras (minus ice cream) that you normally get when dining in.
The service has also always been friendly.

Excellent and fresh ingredients, make this a must go to for tasty sushi.
Staff is friendly, but restaurant is a little small.

Salomon teriyaki is perfect with a reasonable price.
Especially at Monday.
Rolls are amazing too.
Waitress and chef look kind and polite.

The salmon is of excellent quality.
Good service, Reasonable price..  Will keep coming back and definitely recommend it to my family and friends,

This is a nice little cozy restaurant for an off work weekday lunch, lazy weekend lunch, or regular evening takeout.
It is open 7 days a week, for lunch and dinner, but the above mentioned times are when I usually come to eat.
The place sits about 25 people, so if you have a big group, you might not want to consider this place.
The lunch specials are pretty good and the fish are pretty fresh too.
For the price you are paying, you are getting a very good value in quality and portion.

My favorite sushi joint hands down.
At work, we'd go for the salmon sushi special ($7.95) every Tuesday for lunch.
The sushi is always fresh and prepared at the perfect temperature.
I thought I never had real salmon until this place.
The chef is also super nice and sometimes gives us free hand rolls or extra sashimi slices.
After years of thinking it's only worth it if it's AYCE, this place changed my mind about sushi.

Came for dinner tonight.
My first time here.
This place is alright.
Nothing amazing in my opinion but it was not bad either.
Prices are reasonable for a Japanese Restaurant of average quality.
I wouldn't travel far for this restaurant.
Come if you are in the area and want some relatively cheap sushi.

We have been coming to this restaurant for years and it has always been a great experience.
The owner & waitresses are friendly & attentive, and their fish is always fresh.
Decent prices and good service!

<SUMMARIES>
The food here is terrific.
I order something different each visit, and they always satisfy with fresh ingredients and quality Japanese cuisine.
Service is friendly and amenable every time I come in, and the owners themselves are quite welcoming, too.
Restaurant itself is on the smaller side, so very large dinner groups might have trouble finding room.
If you come here, expect excellent food for a reasonable price!

