It's a good thing I don't live in AZ or else i'd be here everyday.
Best Nitro Cold Brew and Avocado Toast in town!
When I come down for spring training I always drop in!
!

This place is awesome!
I am in love with the Twitch coffee bean they offer.
The coffee is smooth, no bitterness and styled to perfection.
The service is great, they pour your latte/cappuccino personally for you.
There's a Starbucks on every corner, it's nothing special, but there's only ONE Press!
I would drive across town for my Press....and I have!!
Hey when ya got a hankering for a twitch, ya gotta go!!
!

I liked the vibe of this place.
It reminded me of a few coffee houses I visited in Seattle.
The service was friendly and the coffee was great.
Be careful with the "toddy" though - it's fantastic but will get you wired really quick!

I am used to some good coffee roasters in L.A. so I am a little picky.
It was o.k., but nothing above average.
Latte art - check, nice Scottsdale Quarter mall - check, great taste -  meh....could be better,  friendly employees - check.
Not sure where roasting is done because I could not see it or smell it on the premises.
I did not feel an indie/hipster vibe as Jessica M. stated.
It seemed like run of the mill Starbucks to me.

Yummy coffee with a personal touch.
Not like the conveyor belt at Starbucks or Peets.
Friendly staff and very good, rich coffee.

Always super friendly!
Locally owned.
Bomb cold brew.
Offers periodic classes on coffee knowledge.
Keep on keepin on, press.

Decent coffee, helpful staff.
I work at the Scottsdale Quarter so I visit Press regularly.
I don't particularly enjoy their brewed coffee as it has a funny after taste but I do enjoy their expresso.
Their Apple Pay was broken and I didn't have my wallet so the cashier allowed me to pay later, great customer service.

Press just reopened after a quick remodel - they advertised a new capability - nitrogen infused cold brew, so had to give it a try - wasn't a huge fan of the cold brew the last time, and, while better with the nitrogen infusion (makes it look and feel like a freshly pulled Guinness), it's still not my cup of tea...er...coffee.
I'll go back to my old standby of cappuccinos or shots of espresso.
Also, love their Twitch beans for the Jura machine at home.

<SUMMARIES>
The staff here and friendly and helpful.
They offer classes if you're interested in improving your coffee knowledge!
They pour your lattes for you personally and can do latte art as well.
A step up from and more personalized than other local corporate owned options.

