The ambiance is relaxing, yet refined.
The service is always good.
The steak was good, although not cooked to the correct temperature which is surprising for a steakhouse.
I would recommend ordering for a lesser cook than what you normally order.
I typically order medium, but at donovan's would get medium rare.
The side dish menu was somewhat limited, but we chose the creamed spinach and asparagus, both were good.
Of course, you have to try the creme brulee - Yum!

Hadn't been there in several years and after this visit I remember why, I don't like onions or shallots in my macaroni and cheese.
The food is good but not worth the price just a very disappointing experience and I probably won't go back

My wife and I come here every year for our anniversary (literally every year we have been married).
The service is exceptional and the food quality is top-notch.
Furthermore, the happy hour is one of the best in the Valley.
In addition to excellent drinks, they offer free prime filet steak sandwiches.
I highly recommend this place for celebrations or a nice dinner out.

I get to go here about once a month for educational dinners.
I have never paid so don't ask about pricing.
I have had their filet mignon which is pretty good, calamari which is ok, scallops which aren't really my thing, sour dough bread which was fantastic, amazing stuffed mushrooms.
The vegetables are perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes are great.
At the end we get the chocolate mousse cake that really ends the night well.
I have enjoyed every meal I have eaten there.

Very good steak house.
Steaks are high quality and the service was very professional.
Attentive, but not hovering.
Classic menus and atmosphere for this kind of restaurant.
No surprises.
A solid option, but not a clear favorite compared to other restaurants in this category.

Had a wonderful experience here last night for restaurant week.
Had the filet...
Which was amazing and cooked perfectly with their yummy mashed potatoes and veggies.
The bottle of red wine they offered for an additional $20 paired perfectly with the dinner.
The staff were extremely friendly and attentive.
Can't wait to go back!

The seafood tower must change in selection of seafood, which is good, which is also why mine last night was so fresh fresh delicious.
Its good to know that you can get top rate seafood in Phoenix.
Bacon wrapped scallops were very good, and I sacrificied a full steak (opting for the filet medallion) to try the scallops.
I asked for medium rare steak, but maybe shouldve asked for rare...my cousin had the ribeye and could not have been any happier than he was :)  

yum for fancy steak houses.
Its an ultra romantic place to, fyi.
the wait staff is very attentive.

Donovans, how can you go wrong.
Had some guests in town and some fantastic steaks paired with some great cabernets.
Really enjoyed my filet and lobster.

<SUMMARIES>
The steak is the must have dish at this restaurant.
One small problem with the steak is that you want to order it cooked less than you would at a normal restaurant.
They have the habit of going a bit over on the steak.
The drinks are excellent and the stuffed mushrooms as appetizers were amazing.
This is a classy place that is also romantic.
The staff pays good attention to you here.

