You guys are crazy.
Maybe your regulars and just love it.
Good for you.
We are regulars in Gilbert at a number of places and I have been to just about every worthwhile wine bar, tapas place, or cocktail lounge in AZ and a lot of the west coast and this place doesn't compare.
The decor is a yawn and the vibe is like being in an elevator with that horrible music.
The cocktails were fine and ordered some small stuff.
I ordered a burger with no cheese and of course it has cheese.
No dairy, a simple request.
Made another and it was practically raw.
I should give it 1 star but whatever.
Won't be back.

I am smitten with the Barrelhouse.
Justin, Eric, and Sandy made my experience wonderful.
They had a flirty menu of cocktails that played sultry, sensory  games in my mouth....providing me with a balance of flavors and the tastes of true mixology.
I was impressed with the staffs knowledge and passion for all things mixable and drinkable.
Haha.
I recommended these guys for their unforgettable spirits,  fine conversations, and an immeasurable  quality of service.
Simply sweet.

I'm so happy to have tried Barrelhouse!
Stopped there for lunch today and had the Harvest Salad (beets, blue cheese, candied pecans, jicama, and field greens) and split the chocolate pot de creme with a friend.
Heaven!!
The restaurant is beautifully decorated inside and it was easy to forget we were in a strip mall in Chandler.
This is my new favorite place.

Since our initial two visits, we've dined several more times.
Often, Diana is our server and she is fantastic!
She addresses us by name and very pleasant to talk with.
We will continue to visit Barrelhouse.

We had several craft brews and the waitress had a ton of knowledge.
Great draft beer selection.
Ordered the burger.......amazing.
It came with the garlic fries.
Location is terrible, never would have found this place without yelp.
Thank you yelp, we will be back!!
!

I tried this place for  the first time last Tuesday night with my girlfriend.
One of the best dining experiences I have ever had.
Justin the bartender made us the most incredible drinks,..he is a master at his craft.
The food we had was absolutely amazing!!
I will be back.

Superb dining experience.
From the thick cut potato chip snack, the warm cheddar bisquits through the salad of field greens with candied pecans and blue cheese, to the duck confit and lobster baked chili rellenos, everything was a feast for the tastebuds.
We hardly had room for the white chocolate and raspberry bread pudding but couldn't  leave without trying it- we were not disappointed.
Barrelhouse ranks among the top restaurants in greater Phoenix.

It kills me that this place is closing!
That location is cursed!
Thank you to the owners and staff for the delicious meals I've eaten and tasty drinks I've drank, I will miss Barrelhouse greatly!
!

<SUMMARIES>
Barrelhouse is an amazing place to eat or drink with people you love.
The food here is delicious.
One of the most delectable items on the menu is the Harvest Salad.
It has blue cheese, lots of greens, pecans, and other stuff to give it that great flavor.
They also serve burgers and seafood.
If you're hear to get a drink or too, the bartenders are friendly and talented.

