Great service!
Chris is awesome and very helpful!
Food was great as well!
I'll definitely come back.
Ask for the first booth!
It's everyone's favorite apparently like Anthony Hopkins, Tim Allen, and Ron White!

Excellent!
Great service, a subdued but beautiful decor, and fantastic food.
Try the meatballs for an appetizer, then the lobster burrata and the wild boar bolognese as entrees...all amazing!

Gnocchi and lasagna was awesome!
Drinks are pricey and food prices are what to expect for a $$$.
$8 for domestics is a little crazy

Overpriced, very mediocre Italian.
Given the choices in town I would avoid this place.
Not to mention the Mirage had a sick nauseating smell of cigarette smoke they tried to cover with a sweet smelling deodorant.
It permeates the whole casino.
I would vastly prefer the smell of cigarette smoke alone.

Food was delicious!
I had the butternut squash gnocchi.
My bf even received 20% off of our bill bc he was a local.
How awesome.
We will definitely be coming back.

Absolutely the worst "Italian" food I never taste.
We dine Monday night, with reservation, 2 adult and our child.
Service!!!
do not exist, I saw my server twice during dinner, at the beginning when the hostess introduced him and at the end to drop the check.
My wine and food order was took by the manager/sommelier "the only positive note of our experience" The food is a joke from quality, taste, flavors, presentation.

We started with the arugula salad.
Which i found to be very good.
The price is high but what do you expect in Vegas?
The food was good but it is a lot to be spending on food that wasn't anything spectacular.. Lasagna was okay the salmon was much better!
!

My husband and I tried to recreate our first date at this place.
It used to be called "Onda" when we met.
Even though the restaurant is now called Portofino, the service was absolutely amazing and the general manager Chris Zadie was very accommodating to our needs.
He made our night extra special with the superb and impeccable service.
It's nice to feel like you are valuable as a customer.
I am extremely appreciative when people go the extra mile to make your celebration perfect even thought it really doesn't mean anything to them.
We want to be back soon.
Thank you for giving us the perfect dinner date.

<SUMMARIES>
Wonderful!
All around great service and the food was amazing.
I wanted some good Italian food as I haven't had in a while and this place delivered.
I ordered the lasagna and it was amazing.
Great quality on everything.

