I had a horrible experience at Dunkin Donuts this morning I never had a problem of switching English muffin instead of croissant bread because the croissant bread makes a lot of mess in my vehicle I don't appreciate it so I would rather use English muffin I even told the lady I will pay extra she said no we cannot do that at all this is the first Dunkin Donuts that I was told this nonsense

I love DD but today was the worst service.
I had to wait 15 minutes before someone even saw me inside the store and they weren't even busy!
I usually get the same coffee and today it was just not very good...
Very disappointed....

Customer service is always more important than the food quality, that's why I give it 1 star.
I was in the drive thru, had asked the worker to take ice out of my coffee (there was more ice than coffee) and she walked back and came back with the same amount of ice.
I guess she thought I was stupid and that I wouldn't notice.
So I sent her back to take out more.
Do the job right the first time and you won't have to do it twice.
I guess she didn't think I would notice that she didn't even take out any ice.

My frozen hot chocolate was delicious but they only cream cheesed one half of my bagel.
I guess it's my fault for coming to a donut place and ordering a bagel lol

Totally disappointed in this Dunkin Donuts as I purchased my coffee from Dunkin Donuts every single morning on my way to work.
But today after a late lunch I decided to go grab a coffee I ordered one large Almond Joy iced coffee weighted at the window for 10 minutes just for someone to come to the window to collect my money after the lady came and collected the money we sat there for another 5 minutes just to get one coffee there was no one there there was no cars in front of us we were the only car why was the wait so long.

I and my girlfriend wanted morning coffee, and we found it in this place.
"Espresso" was good and strong like i like.
Mygirlfriend order "latte" - it was good but not enought.
Donuts was freash and tasty.
Only minus - waiting.
10 minutes - it's too long for coffee and donuts.

Very slow service but at least it was service with a smile.
The poor girl at the counter was taking orders, getting the donuts and she is was responsible for making the drinks.
Poor girl...

My Carmel Machiado was BOMB!!
!

My review is for the late evening .
If you come in with an hour before closing, the donuts are old and stale.
They must stop making fresh donuts early in the day and just sell what is left over.
The donuts are heavier and denser that K Creme with less flavor.

<SUMMARIES>
Awful Dunkin Donuts location.
Service is way too slow for what you order.
It feels like you're waiting forever.
Seems the staff here are way too busy to even care.
They mess up orders too.
I honestly can't think of anything good to say about this place.
The premade donuts are ok but you still have to wait for them....

