Best pizza I have had west of the Mississippi!
Crust was very much like the east coast pizza I was raised on.
Toppings were plentiful.
We did takeout but will come back and have a sit down meal.
Highly recommend!
!

Very authentic Italian food.
Great ambience  and excellent service can't wait to come back again!
!

Never got to try the food which sounded amazing.
Waited 5 minutes at the door and was never acknowledged by the three servers who walked by and got themselves drinks instead or the person on the phone who saw us and didn't acknowledge us either.
There was also a customer wandering around trying to pay her bill with no one coming to help.
Perhaps if they fix the wait staff we will try again.
If this was a problem in an almost empty restaurant I can't imagine what it's like when it's crowded.

Had a lovely time here last night with my girlfriend.
The inside interior is very cool and modern- a good retreat from the heat of Vegas.
We ordered the mussels, Quattro Stagianno pizza, and the Alla Vodka Pasta with meatballs.
Everything was very fresh and flavorful, but favorite was the alla vodka pasta!!
It was so yummy we even forgot to take a picture of it.
Recommend getting this for sure.
We also got the house made cheesecake- really yummy and different.
It's like if you mix a cannoli with a cheesecake.
Overall- authentic, great date spot, comfort food, and top notch service.

Food was absolutely delicious and authentic!
Bread is fresh and homemade!
Wood fired pizza was fantastic!
Happy hour specialties are reasonably priced.
The caramel martini was out of this world.
Beautifully decorated in a very modern style!
The atmosphere is sophisticated and elegant!

I'm really glad there is a local restaurant near us!
The decor of the space  is very beautiful and clean.
There is a full bar and a very nice wine list.
Affordable and realistic pricing.
They have a well rounded food menu of traditional Italian dishes.
We'll definitely be back!
I only gave three stars because the server was rough around he edges.
I'll assume that it is because it is a new restaurant and they are just getting on their feet.
Excited to go back and try again!

Came here a few weeks ago right after it opened.
Everything was pretty good and the pizza was solid.
There are some kinks but it's new, I will give it another try and hopefully everything is worked out.

Excellent Italian food Happy Hour 3 to 6 everyday.
Great garlic knots.
Love the staff.
Found a nice place

<SUMMARIES>
Great place to go food authentic Italian food.
Pizza is amazing, lots of topping choices  and they aren't stingy with them.
Drinks and desert wont disappoint either.
The atmosphere is pleasant, and provides a nice escape from the heat.
Staff can be hit or miss but the place is clean and they have some good happy hour deals.

