Food was tasty but the service sux!
I visited @ 3pm on a tuesday ... My server was also handling host ane bartender duties.
Long long long long wait for condiments and extra biscuits.
Tick tick tick down went the tip!
Service is poor to say the least

The service was excellent the place was very clean, and the food was very fresh.
Very good biscuits.

Gross... the only great thing about my meal was the chedder biscuits.
I knew by the look of my meal when it came to the table I was going to get food poisoning.
I WAS RIGHT.

I went with my parents on a Tuesday night around 8 pm and it was not very busy.
We were seated right away and the hostess was very nice and made sure we got seated where we wanted.
The server was very helpful and answered all questions we had very effectively.
He was an awesome and  very polite guy with an outstanding personality.
The food was very fresh and tasted very good.
The great atmosphere of the restaurant made us have a wonderful time and we would definitely go back.

Good Hickory Cheeseburger and Good Service

Peter was a super friendly server.
He made lots of conversation about Jeeps and was very amiable.
I had the Hickory Cheeseburger cooked medium well and it good.
Good mashed potatoes side and the appetizer buns are great!
All in all I'm not sure why this place averages 3 stars... it's not a 5, but definitely with a

Ate crabfest crab linguine yesterday and got food poisoning ...my mom and sister had to send their  food back to get it fresh and it was still hard.
Wont be back !

My mom and I and my 87 year old grandmother decided to have an early dinner here the issue starts right at the entrance host was very rude I said can we be seated he says just wait just wait and then I said my grandma can't stand for long mind you it's dead and then he flips out and starts saying Jesus christ about 4 times I said how dare you you're very rude and than I said look we're going through a lot my other grandma is passing away and he said that's cool and I said look I need a manager I hope he gets fired so rude go to the 1 in gilbert or Scottsdale you won't be dissapointed

If you do takeaway, just add 10 minutes to whatever time they tell you you & then pick it up.
Other than that, good place.

<SUMMARIES>
Food is pretty good but I question the quality.
I don't think it's exactly fresh and not sure how they are storing their food in the back.
Service is pretty bad and the staff is rude if you don't listen to them and they don't get their way.
Time takes a while for pickup if you do takeaway so might be waiting a bit longer than anticipated.

