2 stars because of the atmosphere during the afternoon was similar to a nasty frat; our waitress was maken' out with her bf in plain site, loud college guys were drunk, smoking, spitting -overall gross behavior, but the food was great!
Ordering take out next time!

Met my bf of 3 years here.
Was always my favorite country bar hands down.
Had a few friends in town and we wanted to take them here... We literally walked in then out.
It smelled so bad.
Barf & piss was the only way we all could describe it with really sticky floors.
The smell was so bad wasn't even worth it to hang outside.
We wanted to be inside dancing.
So we all left immediately and we were bummed we could not enjoy ourselves where we once met.
Really sad for us and hope it turns around because after this and talking around I've heard just hasn't been the same for a bit now.

I wish I could give no stars!
I don't ever write reviews but I went there this past weekend and first of all they ran out of bud light, no big deal but the whiskey lemonade was terrible and customer service was even worse.
The manager Ryan was not nice at all.
He completely ignored my friends and I when we were just trying to get a better tasting whiskey lemonade.
When I asked who the manager was he slapped my hand and told me he was and too back off.
Then proceeded to ask the guys behind us in line what they wanted.
I immediately left, night ruined.

I have given this place a try on more than one occasion.
I have tried day drinking there and going at night on the weekend.
This place is the quintessential fake country bar.
I guess you cant expect anything different from a mill ave/college town bar.
The drinks are over priced and the music is terrible.
The only saving grace to this place is the day time bar staff are really hospitable.
The night time staff however, not so much but that is to be expected of a high volume bar.
If you're looking for a country bar, this isn't the place for you.
If you're looking for another stereotypical college town party bar, this is your place.

Do they play country music most of the time?
Yes.
Do they have a mechanical bull?
Yes.
Do they have two-step dancing?
Yes.
But are they a country bar?
Not exactly...

Moonshine is definitely a country bar with a college town twist.
They have a great dance floor and most people are doing the two-step and doing it well.
Makes me wish I learned more as a kid.
The bar also has plenty of bar staff to help you get a drink in a timely manner.
This is the best place to go just off Mill to have a good time.
They are also open on the weekend till 3 am.
Check it out!

Wasn't impressed.
Walked in on a Sunday around 5.
There were 4 people in the bar.
Bar was dirty.
Was going to order food but decided against it due to the mess.
Had the apple pie moonshine.
Flavor was good.
Served in a shot glass.
I understand it's a college bar but my friends and I wanted to have a drink not act like retarded frat boys.
Maybe serve drinks in jars?
This place is probably okay if you're looking to get drunk on a weekend.
Not a place to go if you want to sit and catch up with some friends and do a little Sunday funday social drinking

In my option, this is a very good spot for country music.
One thing i notice about the bar staff the prices are different ever time.
I would clean that up because Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row will take them out of business.
The mechanical bull is fun way to bring in business

Went to this bar last night and had an overall great time.
The guy out front who cards people was very friendly.
There was good music playing, the male bartender made me a random drink & it was delicious!
I think the drinks are over priced, though.
The bar got really crowded.
There was a fight but the bouncers were SO quick to stop it, it was impressive!

<SUMMARIES>
Pretty basic bar.
Claims to be country, but country it is not.
I've been to real country bars and it's completely different.
The atmosphere here is mostly college students and the bar itself isn't the cleanest.
Yes you can hear country music in the background, but it just feels like you're walking into an everyday bar once you look at the staff and patrons.
Can be pretty bad on service too.
Not recommended.
Drinks are ok though, but nothing amazing.

