This place was a little sketchy.. Only the outside tables looked appealing but the wife wanted to stay inside.
It happened to be family movie night and there was a huge video playing on a 100 inch screen.
- Luckily it was the football game but there still was kids all over the place.
I ordered the half rack - meh.
And their homemade mac n cheese - MEH.
If anything, you should come here just to try out the cookie skillet dessert.
That was delicious.
Other than that, good luck finding the place and enjoy what you can.
-Ian M.

My sole purpose to come here is for oysters and cookie skillet.
They are very good!!!
Fresh oysters and the cookie skillet is to die for...
I recommend both.

I went for lunch and was seated (at a patio table) immediately.
I found the staff to be friendly and efficient.
The turkey wrap and steak philly that my husband and I ordered were made perfectly.

Outdoor patio on a nice night, and it ended there.
I ordered their wings in the house sauce with a side of sweet potato fries.
First they fries were cold, I sent them back and 10 minutes later still no fries.
I told the waitress to not bother.
The wings, deep fried to death...
It was like the turkey from Christmas vacation.
DRY as sand!!!
Avoid this place!

I love eating here!
Everything I have tried has been wonderful.
I like the BBQ chicken skillet.
Very tasty.
The best part, however, are the cookie skillets!
They have chocolate chip and butterscotch, both are delicious.

The restaurant has a peculiar layout and is dark inside.
They do have a patio where you can dine.
The food is good but nothing special.
Staff seems rushed but attentive to our needs.
The owners also have another restaurant very nearby, that operates under the name Afton Pub & Pizza.
I think Afton Pub & Pizza has better food and recommend it over Afton Tavern.
Parking can be problematic since there are many other businesses and the YMCA nearby.

Don't order the fries.
Found a black bug in mine.
Manager came by and gave us a $20 Clift card to come back!
Nope never will.

I really like this restaurant!
We have been here a handful of times in the past year and have never had a bad experience.
The waiting staff has always been friendly and we usually have top-notch service.
I love sitting outside near the fireplace when the weather is nice...great atmosphere!
I really enjoy the burgers and the chicken and dumpling soup.
Yummy!
And although I've never saved enough room for dessert, I have seen the awesome cookie skillet and heard it is delicious!
I'll have to remember to go there one day just for the cookie skillet.
:)

<SUMMARIES>
Looks really nice outside although inside not as nice.
Not saying it's bad, just externally more appealing.
When it's busy there are too many kids running around though which might annoy some people.
Food is so so here, not the best you'll find in town, but good enough.
Get sat down really quickly though so not much waiting, but food isn't exactly piping hot when it comes out, so I feel it could be better.
Very friendly though.

