I like this place for their Aram Tofu Mushroom Soup - but even this time it was way too salty.
The Tofu Pad Se Ew tasted like bad chinese hor fun take-out and was extremely salty and spicy (even though I ordered a spicy level of 2 of 5).
The Tofu Pad Se Ew also had a random piece of chicken in it, which was very weird.
Had I been a vegetarian I would have been very upset.
Every other Thai place I'd been too has waaaaay better Pad Se Ew.
Stick to this place if you want salty basic/meh chinese type food.

I wasn't a big fan of this place for a few years.
The food is really good now.
This is my 2nd time here, I just had it last weekend.
I got jap chap with chicken and green curry with chicken and coconut rice, I couldn't decide which one I wanted.
It didn't disappoint.
Today I got the sautéed mango with shrimp and extra coconut rice.
I am so glad this place turn itself around.
I'll keep coming back as long as they keep it up.

Called and asked where I could find a menu online to place a take out order.
Was told UrbanSpoon and facebook.
Only urbanspoon had a menu and I asked saying it was from 2011 and was told that was right.
When I later called to place the order, the price was $14 more than what the menu on urbanspoon had.
I hung up and redid the math and called again.
I was told if I was unhappy with their prices I could go elsewhere, no apology for an employee telling me to find an inaccurate menu online.
I was pretty surprised by the rude customer service.

Great soup especially if you have a cold.
Good chicken, vegetable and rice dishes!

Why is it so hard to find good Thai food!
Grrrrr.
First timer and new to area.
Had the tom yum soup which was just ok. Would not order again.
For the meal, ordered the drunken noodle.
The noodles where not the good fat noodles...but the thin ones.
That stinks.
Very mild flavor and spice.
Try a different dish.
I'm not sure if this restaurant just caters to the American palate but they need more flavor.

Situated at the very end of the sprawling Settlers Ridge shopping/dining complex, this is a decent option for Thai fare.
The service is always fast and friendly even during the lunch rush.
No bar but they are BYOB friendly.
I'm a curry guy and usually get the Massaman with extra veggies and coconut rice.
I like it a lot.
GrapeWife has tried several dishes and liked them all.
The high ceiling in the dining room creates a spacious yet comfortable atmosphere.
The round enclosed booth offers some privacy I you're into that.
Give them a try.
I think you'll be pleased.

It is a nice place, service was great but... we came there to eat pho and it was horrible.
Beside that we ordered summer rolls which were pretty good.

My mom and I ordered 3 dishes to share and everything we got was delicious.
We ordered the pad this with chicken and tofu the curly fries rice with chicken and shrimp and the honey walnut with chicken.
My daughter got the lo mein with chicken and enjoyed it.
I was also happy to see they have a changing table in the bathroom( an actual wooden one) great place will definitely be back

<SUMMARIES>
Staff are unhelpful when trying to locate  an up to date online menu.
Food here is hit or miss and can heavily over or under seasoned, though it has improved from previous years.
The food is just not always what you're expecting.
The atmosphere is nice and they do provide a changing table in the restrooms.

