Came here a few times and the service seem to be getting worse.
First time service was fast and servers were nicer...but last time they were slow and kept on omitting some items.
The servers started just putting stuff on random corners of the table were you couldn't reach  (basically, they just dump the food on the table  without consideration of the diners).
I think they don't have enough menu choices and all the maki rolls seems to taste the same..bland.
Quite disappointed overall.

Terrible service.
Small portions.
Very slow at bringing food out.
Getting confused with our orders.
Not worth your money!

Went here with my fiancé's cousins.
There's so much to choose from with the lunch menu and it came to like 18 dollars.
One unique thing is that the pop is AYCE  too!
The only complaint is when I ordered tiramisu it was a tiny spoonful.
I had to order 4!
!

Great spot, enjoyed a wonderful lunch ayce.
Sushi was nice, I liked the variety available, and they had more dessert items than usual spots.
Definitely want to return here with my wife.
Oh and the ambience is great too, nice ordering service to go along with it.

Over priced for the quality they serve.
Maybe cuz there's nothing good around this area people come here.
Nothing is authentic.
Their teriyaki sauce is so weird tasting.
Their rice is over vinegar'd.
My tongue is still stinging after drinking a whole glass of coke.
Thumbs down!

I love this place gali so much.
SASHIMI IS FRESH!
FAST!
Nice staff.
Great service!
Good price!
I go there few times a month!

Well, tried many sushi resto in Toronto, compare to the others all u can eat, this is my favourite one, cuz the sashimi and sushi is good, and also the BBQ.
I like to go to this resto as its taste is fairly good.
Recommend.

This is a brand new sushi restaurant that just opened a few days ago.
The service was excellent, the place looks great and inviting as well.
My brother and I tried the volcano roll which tasted amazing!
The AYCE weekend lunch costed about $16.95, it was definitely worth it.

<SUMMARIES>
Good place on a good day, terrible place on a bad day.
Service seems to be getting worse and going downhill.
The portion size is small and they take a while to bring the food out.
The price itself is ab it too much for what you get.

