Stumbled across this place by chance looking for a customer.
Excellent find.
Fresh ingredients made to order.
Tasty potato salad.
Hit the spot.

Not very familiar with the food around town but found this sandwich place and was pleasantly surprised.
I recommend the pastrami sub.
Very high quality meat, delivered fresh daily, with fresh vegetables.
Odd location but fantastic place for lunch.

Definitely a 5 star sandwich joint!
Had the classic italian and wow, was it delicious!
Also sampled the pastrami and the flavor was amazing.
I really love how soft the bread is as well.
The service was as good as it gets, and they even asked how we liked it.
We felt really "at home."
I really hope this place blows up big time.
And I will definitely return.

Small non chain deli, way better than the chains in the area.
They make a really mean hot pastrami, it is so good that I break my adventurous habits and order it each time.
The sandwich is a good size for the price.
Work goes here most every Friday and no one has ever had a sandwich that they would complain about.
I love the fact that it is small and non-chain, plus the staff is super happy and friendly.

I've been wanting to try this place for a long time, but I kept missing their business hours.
They extended the hours to 5pm and I made it this time!
The sandwiches are HUGE and loaded with flavor.
The place was very clean inside and the woman who helped me order was very sweet and informative.
I think I found my new sandwich shop!
Thank you woods family!

This is one of the better sandwich shops I've been to!
It's family owned, which is awesome!
I always get the italian when I'm there and my boyfriend gets the joey.
It's always clean and the employees are always friendly and very helpful!

Stopped by for lunch while having my car serviced at an auto shop nearby.
The sandwich was one of the best I've ever had!
Everything was very fresh and amazing!
It is a tiny bit pricey (which is the only reason it's 4 stars instead of 5), but still worth it.
I would definitely recommend to anyone in the area to stop by.

Food was good however I was a little disappointed at all the extra "fees" on the receipt.
.35 cc fee .50 for horseradish .75 for au jus ( that she offered).
I would recommend letting people know of all the extra charges BEFORE hand.

<SUMMARIES>
This place is an outstanding sandwich shop!
There are so many amazing options.
I try to get something different every time, but I really love the pastrami!
Its filled with flavor!
If you're tired of the competition and want something new, this is the place to go!

