Great facility and great service.
My son and his friends (11 years old) really enjoyed the lasertag game.
This place is very clean.
I will definitely return to Battle Blast Laser Tag.

A well run establishment that is great for birthday parties, Battle Blast has a large arena with plenty of targets, easy to use equipment that is in good repair, and several videogames for the kids to collect tickets.
The birthday parties run very smoothly and the pizza is from Seattle Dan's.
I was disappointed in the pizza which appeared to have been reheated or kept in a warmer too long.
The only other food they have is wierd looking sliders and frozen fried foods.
However the cake was very good.
They have plenty of discounted days and pay one price nights.
Overall a great place for the kids.

This place is pretty great.
Their unlimited days for $20 is a great deal.
Sometimes people are way too serious about the game we call Laser Tag.
I fell once cause I'm the clumsiest human alive and this man 20 years my senior stood over me and kept shooting at me....
I'm 22.
This guy was not a dad - just there.
Regardless, super great place when the creepy men are busy at home watching their computer screens.
:)

Came here for a birthday party yesterday and my kids had a great time.
-Staff were great, super friendly and attentive.
-Food Pizza & cake was ok
-Soda unlimited refills ..Their retro soda dispenser is cool
-Arcade games ok selection.
Wish they had more baby friendly games or those .50 rides to keep them occupied


Laser Tag
-Great 2 story lay out!!
Honestly the best I've seen yet
-great equipment
-Viewing DECK!
Love this!
You can see them running around in there through the upstairs viewing deck.
Pretty cool

Such a fun place to have a birthday party.
They took care of everything, and the kids had a blast.
Fun arcade, helpful serving staff, fun for all ages.

Quite easily the best Laser Tag place in the valley.
And by far the coolest arena.
People who work there are totally awesome.
Not to mention they actually keep the place clean.
Great for people of all ages.
Plus they often have specials... such as family play packages, so big families can afford to play.
Tag for tots once a week, and then Wednesday and Friday nights they have all you can play special.
Super Awesome.

Our friends had an excellent birthday party at Battle Blast Laser Tag.
For many children, the laser tag games were their first time.
The parents felt comfortable.
Each child enjoyed the food.
Wonderful service.
The staff was friendly, kind and they were really good with the children, especially in the laser tag game.
Thank you for a wonderful weekend.

Great place for teens to go hang out.
Nice service.
Good deals.
All in all great place.

<SUMMARIES>
Nice place for birthday parties.
They have an arcade and offer pizza, cake, and soda, as well as laser tag.
Plenty of activities to keep everyone occupied and the staff are nice and work well with the kids.
The equipment is in good working condition, and it is a clean facility.
You can get a good deal on unlimited days ($20) and they also have family play packages.

