I normally don't post unless the place is exceptional and Winnie at Beyond Beauty Lashes did an awesome job!
I was in town visiting my sister and we just yelped this place.
What a gem!
My lashes are so soft, feminine, and natural looking.
They totally make my eyes pop!
I got my lases done 3 weeks ago and they still look so full.
I can't be more satisfied.
I definitely will come back to Winnie the next time I visit!

I love getting eyelash extensions by Beyond Beauty Lashes!
I was introduced to lashes by a good friend of mine that have been coming here for over two years, her lashes looked awsome.
I've been coming to Jenny for about 6 months now and refuse to go without lashes which make my eyes look soo pretty.
I have volume lashes that are super soft & fluffy.
I've never had a problem with them glued stuck together or take any of my natural lashes off.
I'm addicted!!
!

Found their service through Groupon.
I scheduled my appointment on Sunday and almost forgot about it.
I went to get my lashes done hungry-as in starving since I woke up late.
The whole time Jenny was doing my lashes my stomach was growling.
I mean, all I can think of was food and donuts they had for the customers.
It took about 45 mins and my lashes was awesome.
Jenny was friendly and professional.
Will get my fill next time.
They were awesome.
Okay, my ramen is here- time to eat.

I wish there were an option to give ZERO stars!!
This company has a terrible product, and even worse customer service!
They made a mistake on my lashes, and admitted it, yet will not correct their mistake nor refund me.
You are better off throwing your money in the street and having a child apply eyelash extensions than to visit this business.

I absolutely love this place.
I've been going consistently for over 6 months and have never left unsatisfied.
I always ask for Winnie, she's great!
Everyone is skilled there and I highly recommend them.
Since I've been going to them I haven't put on one ounce of mascara, you won't need it and you will still look fabulous, trust me.
Thanks Beyond Beauty Lashes!!
!

Xuan and Jenny are very sweet and are very good at what they do.
If you have any concerns or questions as far as your lashes they are there to help.
The experience is relaxing and peaceful.
I would definitely recommend going to beyond beauty lashes to get your lashes done.

What an amazing shop I had my lashes done by a tech from California....my lashes look beautiful...now she wined and dined me....she was just in Vegas for a few days to help out.
With that being said I'm sure the rest of the girls are as qualified!!
!

Greetings all!
I am a customer of BBL in Southern cal, but whenever I am in Vegas I visit their location in Nevada (Henderson).
Amazing customer service, friendly staff and now they are expanding!!
Woohoo!!!
I love how they :

*always confirm the appointment (via txt message - super modern!!!)
*are always on time!
* offer drinks, snacks and magazines on the waiting room
* are fast (BIG ONE)!
* great quality lashes and amazing suggestions

BBL is great!

<SUMMARIES>
I needed a place to get my lashes done, and Beyond Beauty Lashes was simply amazing!
My lashes looked gorgeous when I walked out.
The staff is so talented.
I will not go anywhere else to get my lashes done!
If you really want the best service, ask for Jenny.
She's outstanding!

