Went in for a small tattoo on my wrist and had a good experience overall.
Terry was informative as we talked designs and quickly went to work to accommodate my walk in status.
The shop is clean, all equipment as sterile and fresh and Terry was professional.
The only small drawback was the price for such a small piece; probably the most I've ever paid for a tattoo.
Otherwise, good experience.
Would certainly go back.

came here on a Saturday after calling to inquire about a septum piercing.
I spoke with Ryan and he was very knowledgable and friendly!
I came in later that day to complete the task.
I was greeted by a very sweet blonde named Maddie.
she helped me pick out the perfect jewelry even though I was extremely indecisive.
the piercing was a breeze!
I didn't feel a thing.
this place is amazing at what they do and I will be sure to return!
(:

From Heidi: Justin is the bomb, he provided exactly what was wanted.
Great line work.
Terry: great work, patient and attentive.
Both Terry and Justin are great and I highly recommend "Quick Draw tattoo.
Duke Cook, fantastic business man and made us feel at home.
Please go and visit Quick Draw.
L&H DH or HD "Demona - Heidi

Brandon did a great job on my first tattoo.
Was very nice and drew exactly what I wanted!

Thank you Nick Giordono for the sick tattoo!
It was my first..
I've been thinking about it for years.
The staff here all awesome, made me feel right at home.
Afterward Nick told me everything I needed to know about taking care of it..
I was so happy with the service, I've already plan on coming back for my second really soon

Kevin did a amazing job on the cover up i needed if you have a tattoo in mind or just a bad one that needs to be covered up Kevin is who you want to go see great work will be going back.

Yooooo this place is dope!!
We got there an hour before closing and Terry hooked us all up in record timing!
Dude is the $&@?!!
I won't go anywhere else in LV this is my spot and I live down the street....and make sure you bring cash don't make these cats wait to get paid cards take to long lol  CASH KIDS

My twin sister and I just got our first tattoos yesterday!
Samantha and Nick were amazing.
Samantha drew the most detailed minion for my sister and Nick created a beautiful script and heart design for me.
They both made sure we liked our designs and made the whole experience so much fun.
Everyone made us feel comfortable.
I would recommend this tattoo shop to everyone!
!

<SUMMARIES>
This place is a pretty sweet tattoo parlor!
its very clean and the artists are amazing!
I got a dragon done on my lower back, and it looks so realistic!
I'm coming back here for all of my tattoos!
If you want the absolute best tattoo experience, then I highly recommend Terry!

