Nice place for good food when you're in a hurry.
Italian food but in the same fashion as Chipotle.
The pasta bowl with Spicy Sausage is a favorite of mind.
The Italian Sodas are a perfect combination to the hearty bowl!
!

This is the worst piada i have been to.
They were out of several ingredients and shorted me on the ones they did have.
There avocado was way over ripe and there salsa was mush.
The servers paid no attention to my order and had to correct them numbers of times.
Will never be returning here and do not recommend

If chipotle had a stupid Italian cousin it would be this place.
There food is awkward.

I've come here a few times before and never had an issue until tonight.
The staff was rude, the store was out of several ingredients key to several of their offerings.
They moved super slow.
It was overall disappointing.

Disappointed.
Plus, we were waiting in line and the electricity went completely out.
I went to A Piada a few years back and it seemed way better then.
Feel like it's gone down hill since the first time I visited.

Pointless to order on line,  staff unapologetic for delay.
Order was to be ready at 3:45 it is now 4:03 and is still being prepared.
Should have gone to the Beachwood location

Was curious about this place.
Pasta was hot and tasty.
Menu was complicated and difficult to navigate.
It would take a few visits to get it right.
Being from out of town, I don't know that we will seek it out next time.

I used to love Piada, but this particular location is abysmal.
On two separate occasions now I've not been greeted when I entered.
Now, even if you are busy, anyone with half an ounce of experience with food service etiquette should know to at least greet the customer, and if necessary, let them know you will be right with them.
My food the last two visits has also been cold.
The lines get long.
BOTH of my last two visits there was some issue with the cash registers as well.
I will NOT be coming back to this location.

<SUMMARIES>
This place is kind of weird.
The food menu is odd and doesn't make much sense.
The food can also be weird, as in it doesn't make much sense some of the combinations used.
I wouldn't order online because they don't seem to get it immediately and your order can be delayed.

