I've only eaten appetizers here but they are awesome.
Huge portions- one app is enough for 1.5 meals.
Appetizer happy hour is the way to go.
The drinks are probably good- there's a very creative selection- but I'm not a drinker so I don't know for sure.
Go upstairs if you can- cuts down on noise and cluster.

Went here yesterday, my girlfriend ordered a blue moon draft.
After taking a sip of the beer ahe noticed a dead fly in it.
We told the waiter and he quickly got her another beer.
Nothing was comped on the bill which i find pretty absurd....

Food is decent, and the drinks are ok. Not a hugh selection, but not bad either.
The staff can be a little salty though.

As a teacher you would think I would love this place and it was nice that the food was named after books.
But the place was Full I mean full of hipsters.
Plus we had to sit upstairs  and I didn't really like that.
The food was okay, nothing to die over.

I really love the idea of this place (menus taped inside books, book titles for menu items, green lamps, etc.)!
The menu isn't really big (just salads, sandwiches, and pizza) but everything is good and the desserts are good, too!

The bald bartender is the worst I've ever seen.
Clearly he got the job because he knows someone.

It's "i eat" I guess.
Food is nothing to WRITE HOME ABOUT LOLLLL BOOK PUNS!!!!!
That being said, maybe it's just the stuff on the appetizer menu cuz like I had a well made salad for lunch this one time u no??
Service is fine.
They have some aiiiight beers on tap.
Definitely above average for pub food but so good that makes me want to...RE-READ IT???
?

Trivia on tuesday was fun, and the half off apps during happy hour are definitely a reason to come.
The wings and quesadilla are my favorite.
The beer selection and happy hour prices are also a draw, and you're encouraged to try any of their eclectic beers before buying, a very cool option.

<SUMMARIES>
This place is just "meh."
I wish the menu had more options.
I ordered the pizza and it looked burnt.
The bartender didn't know any actual drinks other than beer.
The atmosphere overall wasn't very clean.
I just felt uncomfortable most of the time.
I will not be returning.

