Great sushi and very friendly staff (even the sushi chef and owner asked how my meal was) but the SiriusXM Love station was brutal to listen to.

The sushis were nice.
I especially liked the Dragon Roll from the 8 sushis we tried here.
We tried the Dean's, Dragon, Veggie, Rock and Roll, twister, American Dream and two others.
I could say the dragon and rock and roll were among my most favorite ones but the veggies was probably the least favorite.

We went on a surprise date to a new place.
They were totally packed and had 2 servers on.
Maybe a call off and that happens.
But our server could barely get to us and just dropped food and ran.
If she really looked, she would have seen we didn't eat one sushi roll.
The Dean.
Pureed and super fishy.
The Udon Noodles seemed Way over cooked.
Wine list was crap, but I wasn't expecting anything great.
We left hungry and will not return because of the food.
I can forgive some slow service.

I heard great things about this place, which is why I was really looking forward to it.
Not sure if I hit them on an off night, but the sushi was not good.
I sure hope this isn't the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
Didn't care for the atmoshphere...kind of dingy.

Stunningly bad... Not sure what else to say but if you're seeking edible Japanese food run in any direction but this place.

We really like this place--super friendly owner and have never a wait for a table.
Reasonably priced generous sushi boats that are excellent.
I despise mayo and this is the one sushi restaurant where I don't have to worry.
The house salad dressing is very good and the udon soup bowls are a perfect warmup in winter.
The green tea is made with leaves and not tea bags which is a nice change of pace.
Win.

Sushi with great mouthfeel, well-executed rice, but not a ton of flavor.
I ordered the Sushi deluxe meal, which comes with 10 pieces of nigiri (fish on top of rice, which is the only sushi in Japan.)
This comes with miso soup and the common sesame ginger salad.
The miso soup was flat in flavor and the salad was OK. A bit too much sweetness/acidity from the dressing.
The sushi selection was predictable.
Tuna, salmon, snapper, and bbq eel.
The fish was very creamy in mouthfeel (excellent) but none of them impressed me in flavor except the bbq eel, which was smoky and sweet.
Rice was of good execution.

Wonderful sushi ver much more on the traditional side.
Worth checking out if you're in Pittsburgh.

<SUMMARIES>
They have a long list of meals but the sushi is wonderful and top of the list for things to get.
The staff is very friendly and helpful but rush around a bit .
The owner is also friendly.
The place itself is average to below average.

